Sentence	Label
Pussy nobody asked for your input.	1
Ok, this makes no sense. This will create vigilantes. And I hope they put this savage animal down before he hurts anyone else.	1
so fucking true. the amount of up and coming rappers that are shot dead or od is is so fucking sad yet hillarious.	1
Go f yourself Republican scum who put us here with your uneducated voting like you even care. I do want to defund police.	1
Dumb fucking take. People want to do things.	1
Fuck no 😂	1
This is really disgusting.  People not able to compete even in the 3rd men league getting paid twice as much.	1
Wow much ignorance.	1
Haha. Have my suspicions. How about you when the cum of your wife's billionaire bull drips down your leg in the morning?	1
Not really. Unlike you lot I'm not a racist.	1
Girl shut up	1
One year gone and still crying about it. Pretending this train wreck of president is doing better	1
Quote him on where he shamed anyone.	1
Thats great, fuck this cunt!	1
How does a blue bird even know it's a blue bird and not a cardinal or a goose or a fucking bear	1
You are attracted to dudes who cant fuck	1
Nah bitch, but I have stuff to do so kiss my ass if you aren't satisfied that I haven't read the whole thing yet.	1
So that absolves Republicans of sucking Putin’s dick right now? Lol	1
Yeah you stole someone else’s content and tried to benefit from it. Pathetic.	1
So long as it isn't Candace Owens' Black vagina. That particular black vagina doesn't represent black vaginas.	1
You have to be dumb as fuck or just malicious to believe that	1
What an ignorant comment, you obviously don’t know much	1
Good lord you people are fucking stupid.	1
You gullible motherfuckers divided yourselves, voluntarily, based on comfortable lies and confirmation bias. Cry me a fucking river.	1
George Takai is a racist.	1
Time for guns to get banned fuckface	1
I wouldn’t want to work at the capitol knowing I could face and be killed by a mob.	1
Fuck religious morals. Hope it dies soon	1
Its literally what this sub is for? Holy shit are you guys okay lmaoooo	1
Typical cop out.  Fuckin idiot.	1
Every fucking one of them should be hanged for sedition.	1
You’re an idiot	1
Fuck racism and all apologists	1
You are all delusional. You know that right....right	1
What?   Regardless, nice trick. Mom raised from the dead!	1
I'm not American, you racist fuck	1
He loved trump he played him like the puppet he is.	1
Your kid was having fun joking around and your a fucking asshole	1
Stupid RINO. Do yourself a favor and defect to the democrat communist party.	1
We've never kept our condiments in the fridge. Why the fuck would I want to dip my food into cold ketchup?	1
Yeah, no. And for that fuck you.	1
This is a crap take. Here, have a downvote.	1
I can't believe the amount of vaginas on this thread right now	1
To be fair, he's slightly more coherent than the Tangerine Shitgibbon.	1
When you bitch about equality and now get it.	1
OP won’t respond to you because he’s only here to stir up shit.	1
81 million voters are gonna switch to whatever fuckwad the GOP picks as their candidate?	1
You are all pathetic	1
Yeah.     Cause a hundred year old “comedian”  Knows about science?!?  Fuck yall are dumber than you look.    Gop CLOWNCAR	1
Voting by mail is so stupid .	1
Fucker Carlson is such a dick	1
Did I try to define it? For a site called reddit a lot of you sure can't fucking read.	1
Do you hear yourself?? You hate your child. Of course they behave like this. This is so sad.	1
You do know that bigotry does not make you intelligent .	1
buy your brains, you fucking propagandists of lies!	1
Yeah but he's an all-rounder idiot, so it's harder to distinguish what's MAGAtry from what is just common-or-garden scumbaggery...	1
One of the worst? Who even comes close to this retard?	1
The answers are pretty lame to this lame question.  Eyes don’t like shit in them…. Need further explanation?	1
iHealth lmfao. Tell me again China isn’t one big nation of counterfeit shit	1
These people are nuts! It's like somebody left the door open at the Kuku nest, and they all went to DC.	1
Also sounds like facism	1
im sure your democrat liberal selfish self will tell me...	1
Fair ‘nuff. I ought to have said “obligated”.	1
Fucker Carlson is a piece of shit racist	1
With that comment alone just proves how misinformed your dumb ass really is.	1
in 2012 Mitt Romney declared Russia was America's number one geopolitical foe and democrats laughed their asses off for months	1
So you side with Putin?	1
This guy is shockingly fucking dense	1
Kinda funny considering Reagan’s gaffs. Dude couldn’t recognize his own cabinet members or remember his own dog’s name.	1
No. If you play by their rules they can change them. Don't play their stupid games. Destroy them	1
Don’t pretend you care about this girl for a second lol. She’s white, and your side hates white people.	1
Replace them with drag Queen imbeciles that do whatever Fauci says. That’ll show China and Russia what’s up!	1
YTA. You are a fucking child.	1
No shit lmao this sub gets dumber and dumber by the day	1
Take this L, folks. She’s completely insane, and a terrifyingly dumb conspiracy theorist.	1
Holy shit this sub is fuckin gross	1
If what Chavin did was excessive, I want to see you do better against a 6'7 drugged out criminal.	1
Truthfully, most of us were relieved to stop listening to his incessant bullshit. Time to move on.	1
Oh joy can’t wait for you dumb fucks to misunderstand this science too.  🙄	1
Never mind. Reading through your comments I can see you're either an ideologue or a fucking idiot. Good bye.	1
I have a master's degree dick hole	1
You know women aren’t responsible for giving you a hard on, right? Cringe, mate. Yikes.	1
Fuck it I’m following y’all I’m in too 😩	1
It's somewhat fun and very easy to watch you idiots froth at the mouth when confronted with reality.	1
She’s an ugly Mexican who cares how fat or old she is ?	1
Even though I don't condone racism I think your nonconfrontational hubby should go back to being nonconfrontational. We can't control individuals views and beliefs.	1
Hes a terrorist who is still free. He will be on everyones mind until a hero kills him or his heart kills him.	1
Yeah this is what phone addiction does. You care about shit the doesn't matter	1
Im so fucking sick of big government and all of this bullshit. We need a worldwide revolution	1
Fuck off, catch covid and give it to everyone you care about	1
that guy is a fucking plane crash.	1
And also that was Biden jackass. Also he said if you ain't with me you ain't black	1
All this shit talking towards those who don't have a 4 year degree.	1
Dildos in asses to save the elderly. That's nonsense. Trudeau can suck it too	1
You closed the post because I was “unwilling to change my view”  Mods here are prime stupidity	1
It is extremely racist and sexist.  This place is a shit hole full of racist and sexist pigs, so it's applauded.	1
How many fucking people have to die because of this BS?	1
You're not even suggesting which one to use - standard or daylight savings.  So this post sucks.	1
That’s a sick thought, you’re fucked up in the head lol.	1
Do you have any sources? Or is it just another day of spewing unverified fake news bs	1
Fuck me, satire is boring as shit. Just say what you mean, this is tiring.	1
OP is an absolute bitch	1
Repugnikkkans are the worst fighters… they just run and leave you to fend for yourself	1
Tbh I think CNBC is a trillion times fucking worse.	1
You could have just shorted the title to: Tucker Carlson is a  racist.	1
Kid deserves it, he's an asshole, and you are too.  Fuck this sub, angry teenagers.	1
That is what jerks always say after they get called on their crap. You trying to be Donald Trumo jr?	1
The left acts like nazis my guy wake up	1
Kick Putin in the dick, you break Trump's teeth...	1
Doesn’t matter. Covid is all fake crap anyway.	1
"You don't have to say ""insert your comment here"".  It makes you sound like a douche bag."	1
They say if you know the right tags,, Twitter is one of the largest hosts of child pornography on the open web.	1
Thank you for being able to deal with stupid ppl so well. God some ppl are thick!	1
/s? Or are you just an idiot?	1
State of the Union is next week, you moron	1
Israel is babysat by us like a billionaire’s child bro. You’re sucking off to Israel a lil too hard	1
Bro for a generation that witnessed firsthand 9/11, for you to call that a terrorist attack is fucked.	1
wtf are you talking about? You are the insecure bitch lmao	1
Because I’m saying that she’s racist. I’m contrasting me vs her.	1
Then you’re a soulless whore. Kthx.	1
Keep debating a point that nobody is making. I'm sure all this projection and pearl-clutching is a productive use of your three brain cells.	1
Wow, and you have the nerve to complain that progressives are divisive because we have ideals. You're divisive because you're an arrogant ass.	1
No, you disgusting racist.	1
Hello there you piece of shit	1
That’s literally what you said. That’s how stupid you are.	1
That baby didn’t anything to deserve your hate, never forget that	1
Nice comeback you Communist fuck.	1
They're already shitting in the streets. I live in downtown ottawa.	1
That's literally begging to be busted up by the fucking cops lmao.	1
The guy crying the loudest is the one who never did and never would sign up to serve his country.  Shut up, whiny poseur.	1
Yep my Karma is going way down 😆 and my masochistic self is loving it 🤪	1
good job, you've radicalized yourself into a psychosis!	1
All of these <1 month accounts with their shit takes.  Fuck off, dude.	1
But it’s OK for homosexuals to push their sin on other people	1
That literally makes zero sense. But then again, coming from you the idiot, I wouldn't expect anything less.	1
Olly used to make an awesome energy gummy and it had methyl cobalamin now it’s shit with cyanocobalamin.	1
What a total fucking idiot	1
Just when you think liberals couldn't get any dumber...	1
Keep licking that boot.	1
Fuck off, I got gains to make.	1
TIL a vagina with higher melanin is an extraordinary qualification.	1
No that's not like saying gays are sus. Even most gay people probably gonna say that having three or four different partner is sleazy..	1
100%. He never asked for ACB's, or Kavenaughs, Gorseichs. Tucker is a raging racist and piece of filth.	1
Now here’s a real mind fuck: pharmacists have 12 hour shifts and aren’t allowed to take meal breaks.	1
Gringos in denial. Our gov can’t even be bothered to spend a dime on infrastructure. Wake up and cope with our shitty cities.	1
You're the one that looks through my post history while I didn't give a damn I wouldn't be talking bro	1
It's obvious you support the oligarch Putin and his gangster regime. So I will say this politely.  Fuck off you disgusting peace of shit!	1
Suicide is 75% male. It’s not all beers and backslaps. Best wishes.	1
There was nothing wrong with “Washington Redskins” or “Jeep Cherokee” or “Aunt Jemima” but here we are. The woke fuck everything up	1
You don't even have a profile bruh	1
Shut up, bitch.	1
This sub is so fucking weird now.	1
You're retarded	1
it puts the fascist right in focus as preventing good policy.  question is, are you that stupid?	1
Well he not only survived covid but is doing really really well so it worked for him. Fuck the vaccine	1
Trying to shove gay down our throats	1
Well then you should have no issues, dumbass.	1
What is this? Discount Walmart brand Twitter? “ReTruths”? That is so cringe	1
Why do you keep posting these fake pictures ? Why are you desperatly trying to suck up to Putin?	1
Well,  I have a life.  Do you ? Or were you just salivating like a dog,  waiting for a response ? 🤣	1
Well, that's what her bosses pay her to do.  Must be sad to sell your soul like this.	1
Yeah blame the people for calling out his lies and bullshit. LMAO!	1
People who idolize Rittenhouse are sick in the head.	1
Dems and RINOs aren't trying to overthrow valid elections. Maybe read a dictionary.	1
“Enough women cheat” big yikes man	1
Shut up dude being skinny and 6’3 makes you above average	1
Shhh. No logic is allowed in this sub. You’ll upset the sensitive snowflakes here!	1
Wow ur an idiot.	1
But neither have a brain, so my comparison is for effect. Don't get pedantic with me boy.	1
So. Those Russian bastards deserve it	1
I don’t think you’re stupid. How else do you know if you don’t ask?	1
We used to have people try to assassinate politicians all the time. No one wants to be a hero and kill this asshole? Really?	1
Please.  People in this sub fucking love the cops.	1
YTA. Fuck you. Fuck you so much. I hope he dumps you. You complete asshole	1
That's disgusting.	1
"Every ""Covid"" person is a crisis actor!! Its all fake!"	1
Being fat harms your children.	1
Spoiler, narrow minded people often use terms like always when describing generalities. The intelligence here is just oozing political garbage.	1
Disagree, the girlfriend cheated on his son multiple times just because  his son is acting stupid doesn't mean the grandparent has to act stupid.	1
You can not actually be this dense, either you're very young or the most stupid person I've seen.	1
Putinists are retards.	1
Yes you do. And everyone is calling you an idiot in almost all of them, dumbass.	1
It was true WHEN he said it you dipshits. Putin did not enter Ukraine when he president you fucking morons.	1
The sheer irony of a conservative saying that sentence is disgusting.	1
He's got a pretty good record of killing deserving, violent douchebags.   I'm sure the Ukrainians could use him.	1
Thank you op. Hate the fucking bitch	1
She could, that’s why the GOP should run a black person. People eat that shit up.	1
What a dumbass	1
Fuck musk and fuck his teslas. Car culture and car dependency sucks no matter electric or not	1
Who cares? Trump is a moron	1
She’s a dumbass pickme.	1
So, is gerrymandering good or bad?  You need to pick a lane.  The ends justifying the means leads to some evil shit.	1
People that sexually assault children should get the rope. There is no coming back from that.	1
Dame this is so tired an boring. Orange man bad. Blah blag blah	1
Lol typical idiot. Biden administration is a failure	1
Your moms politicizing THIS dick.	1
Holy shit you’re retarded	1
Congratulations on your stupid retort. You sound special, but not in a positive way	1
bullshit - all of it	1
please divorce this guy, reading this post and your comments, you sound exhausting as fuck... poor guy.. jeez....he needs to find better	1
How is he a traitor?	1
Troll, neither humorous nor political. Loser shitpost. Stop	1
70 million of you did vote for trump so him thinking Americans are stupid is true.	1
You're a Trump cultist OP. Your opinions are invalid.	1
Takes a racist to know one right	1
Trump is a little boy crushing on big daddy Vlad. What a cuck!	1
Name ONE that American taxpayer dollars are arming dumbass.	1
You're naive or stupid or both if you really think that.	1
Seems like he is starting to have anger issues. It's not normal to get that angry over some insignificant bullshit during a game.	1
Essentially it all boils down to pageantry and extra crap. Its the same bullshit. Just a different paint job.	1
Renamed flu morons	1
Stay mad, treasonous shit	1
Cancel Him! Cancel Him! He is racist! Clearly the black face of white supremacy.  /s	1
Nope don’t even try that lol. And even if it did are you a homophonic asshole?	1
I need a picture of this drunk bitch.	1
Take your meds and stop visiting /conspiracy and /conservative  I'm completely fucking serious, by the way.	1
Same reason we sometimes flush twice? (or more). Sometimes shit just doesn't clear the first time.	1
What makes somebody conservative enough to engage with people in a conservative subreddit?  Fuck echo chambers.	1
You’re dumb lol	1
>tRy AgAiN  Typical condescending partisan	1
Oh I thought you meant the researchers also suck at diversity,which they really do.	1
YTA  you just sound like a miserable person who wants to make everyone else miserable too	1
It doesn't matter. They even got McConnell to filibuster his own bill to spite the left. But both sides amiright? Were doomed.	1
Why are you so passionate about other men’s penises?	1
Hey Elon call Taiwan a country. You're China's bitch if you don't.	1
In French it is pronounced doob la vee.  Obviously not spelled like that but my French is shit!  Tabarnak!	1
I can’t believe you dumb motherfuckers that come on this subreddit actually believe stupid shit like this	1
"No, because black coffee is a description...so you're saying ""you filthy black bastard"" shouldn't be racist? Piss off troll."	1
Ah, the theater of stupid people posting on r/conspiracy.	1
And considering you shit out your brains and filled the very small hole with ideology I'm surprised you can breath and speak at the same time.	1
Exactly, you're naive. When you finish puberty, you'll be just like them.	1
the company tested them, 42 whites found positive 0 blacks	1
Fuck you’re obnoxious 🤦‍♂️	1
Pre-Covid Libtards:  My body, my choice! Black Lives Matter!  Post-Covid Libtards:  Shut your fucking mouth anti-vaxxer! Your rights don't matter!	1
"But even that retarded word has lost its meaning.  Especially when the low IQ leftists started calling rational black people ""white supremacists""."	1
Do you have any actual source or are you just peddling bullshit? Bless your heart.	1
Those monkeys WILL PLAN THEIR REVENGE	1
Talking about gender and identity to kids only confuses the hell out of them and confusion is your goal, pedophile communist jew.	1
F*k off you and your needle. People aren't slabs of meat to have needles jabbed in them left and right.	1
Too bad the vaxx didn’t give decent protection	1
shrooms helped me figure out shit i didn't even know was wrong, im happy this helped you, here's to the future!	1
He got that way because he was a drunken frat douche on spring break and his buddy wrecked in a car injuring him	1
Dude you may be gay	1
Yeah well, your feelings don't mean shit to me and neither do you lmao	1
Redditors calling for ethnic cleansing of Russians.  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  Apologize right the fuck now!	1
Goddamn. you're stupid.	1
Joe: “You stupid son of a bitch, I’m in”	1
Just saying... their credibility is shit	1
you fucking monster	1
You’re a moron, which puts you with the right.	1
Oh I forgot people have to be 100% behind everything their side believes in… no other opinions! You dunce	1
ngl, from an outsider's perspective it sounds like you got banned for being a complete fucking nutjob rather than being politically incorrect...	1
That was a complete sentence.  numbnut!	1
No way people are this retarded.	1
I actually know several police officers, they have placed themselves in danger to protect people multiple times.  So go Fuck yourself.	1
>You lost your credibility by calling Russia fascists.  No, actually you just lost yours. Enjoy your ban, Russiabot.	1
How tf is that illegal? ATP I think you're just trying to troll so go suck it ✌	1
Pronoun bullshit for trans ppl... just choose he or she.... its not that complicated...  Covid   Biden/Harris   Vegans  Taylor Swift   Cardi b.	1
yeah, and that's fucked up.   like, does that make y'all feel good inside? ugh.	1
Yeah so you’re punishing your daughter for your FIL being a jerk? How does that make sense man, put your ego aside.	1
The French people figured out a way to deal with this kind of bullshit in 1789	1
You're a lunatic.	1
Posted to r/conservative; supporters of literal insurrectionists on Jan 6, 2021. But yes, the Democrats are the fascist fucks.	1
you self-owned and now look like a fool	1
You really need to stop posting 24/7. Everyone knows you're either a paid troll or a mental case.	1
It's all about the $$$. I'm with you OP, they're basically just telling you to brown nose them.	1
And fuck you nobody will know who you are in 200 years you will do nothing of purpose in your life so you might as well be dead	1
Can you imagine being as dumb as her?	1
Boy, you've got some shit to work out.	1
If they screw up on the job, they get demoted to “Unspecial Agent, not in charge of anything”	1
You're a fucking idiot	1
I can easily afford gas. Guess you need a better job, a more fuel efficient car or maybe both.  Anyway get fucked you Trump Terrorist.	1
And yet your dumb ass is on reddit.	1
No, you're just on the wrong side of history with your shitty beliefs and brainwashing.	1
Almost guaranteed it mentioned vaccines. Fucking scum bag media. All of it. All sides. It all needs a fire cleanse.	1
This has to be a troll.	1
I’ve never seen more mentally challenged individuals in one place	1
Establishment shitpost.	1
Read between the fucking lines. Also, if he outright said “suicidal” his post would be immediately removed.	1
You don’t think the right has shifted at all? Don’t think the trump admin was a shitshow?	1
I have one of those waterfall bathroom faucets and it splashed like a BITCH. Looks cool tho	1
I don’t want to pick between a giant douche and a turd sandwich	1
That just fucking sucks shit that's is really some scummy shit	1
Silence bitch, go argue for child abuse somewhere else	1
im sick of hearing that crybaby shit	1
If these are “lies” y’all are doing a pretty good job helping us believe them	1
Yeah you get more exploited working in a warehouse for $10/hr destroying all ur joints…	1
You're an idiot and no one should listen to you.	1
yeah I enjoy a good liberal fool falling for ironic meme bait  &#x200B;  but that would hurt the narrative of how smart you think you are	1
I’m not even pro Tomas you nerd	1
Can’t 25A Joe because he had a bad press conference.  Calm the fuck down.	1
Why the fuck not he should be a lazy bum then?	1
Any man who supports women’s rights is equally delusional. Trash don’t deserve rights.	1
I’d actually love to see an AI with both voice and listening capabilities be programmed to waste these parasites’ time talking them in circles.	1
No shit trump did the same fuckin thing except say we have any moral obligation to do anything	1
Fuck Joe Biden	1
What in the race realism is this shit??	1
Wow that's dumb	1
Why do girls like guys who abuse them and treat them like shit?	1
Congressional ethics aside, I think it’s pretty neat that a shaved ape figured out how to buy stocks	1
Also remember the Ted Cruz cuckold porn incident…	1
Better make sure he doesn't dislike Howl's Moving Castle. Otherwise I'll take him to hell myself	1
"Calling immigrants coming into our country an ""invasion"" is pretty darn racist."	1
Are we not gonna mention that magic Johnson is just as big a piece of shit as all these scumbag politicians?	1
This sub is dumb now	1
Just look at the other things they worship...cows and gang rape.	1
That’s correct. Don’t let the neo-yanks fool you. There’s nothing conservative about suspending the Constitution.	1
BLM, mainstream media, this sub, etc   If you comment on black-on-black crime, you'll quickly be called a racist and shown the door	1
Not trying to change your view, just came here to say you're a dick.	1
Oh no, people on the internet sharing opinions that you don't like?  Whatever shall we do?!?  Grow up, you little bitch.	1
How long before the right makes serial rapist Jim Jordan awww fuck it already happened didn't it	1
I eat hamburgers all day, fuckstick	1
How is Kyle a terrorist? Was the pedophile trying to kill him a terrorist too? 🤔🤡🤡	1
No I think they don't wanna wear masks because they're dumb, same with the vaccines	1
Seriously read something before saying a stuff. Learning reduces ignorance ya know.  I asxume you failed high school biology otherwise you wouldn't say this bullshit.	1
You sound like a pain in the fucking ass.	1
👌 then you can kindly fuck off mate.	1
"LOL, ""not enough evidence to support a positive claim"" does not equal ""enough evidence to make a negative claim"" you Muppet."	1
That's the most ignorant mindset i've ever seen	1
For reals? You talk shit about people and children saying they have diseases and shit just because of how they look. So shut the fuck up	1
I bet his raps are fire, yo...... typical Wakanda shit.	1
Males should not be competing against females.   Anyone who thinks otherwise is really dumb.	1
There's really no need to type this out. It's self-evident. You're dealing with a moron; don't bother.	1
Fuck this Moronic Cow.  And everyone who voted for this slimey ass bitch who can’t wipe her own ass.	1
Stop sexualizing kids you sick bastard.	1
Here’s hoping your business fails, you garbage person.	1
Jeez why did I get pinged about this filthy subreddit when I'm a strict antifash supersoldier transhuman gay communist?	1
It’s too early in the morning for this stupid shit.	1
But then if I say the N-word you get all pissy, huh?	1
You’re lame.	1
you are disgusting	1
Gimme a real study, the atlantic is shit.	1
It's not though you fucking idiot	1
I’m tired of paying for fat fuckers insulin and constant doctors appointments. Fats cost taxpayers infinitely more money than dope fiends	1
Quebec is teeming with arrogant French-Canadian betas, so this sounds aboot right.	1
TIL he is probably a narcissist	1
What TF are you blabbing about?   How is this relevant?   Say something else stupid, this is fun	1
I am not a violent person but would watch real time if the bastards gor executed for the crimes against humanity.	1
There are no debating nazis - death to them all	1
The fuck? Russians are losing McDonalds. Ukrainians are losing their homes because of the fucking invasion. This subreddit is ridiculously smooth-brained.	1
Wow I can’t wait for your generation to be dead and gone what a waste of space. Like seriously FUCKING GOOGLE IT!	1
If you know a republican, you know an anti-American fascist.	1
superhero movies suck in general. unless you're eleven years old.	1
Well, there's definitely parts of Illinois that are a good place to go when you wanna kill someone.	1
Fuck the mods	1
Again, this is incredibly sad. The vaccine does not contain the virus.  Holy mother of god we are so doomed.	1
Then you'll just bitch when Dems win by even more	1
Defund YouTube?   Are you stupid?	1
So you just sit here and make shit up?	1
No, fuck that noise  Stop blaming the wrong person in conflicts, stop being wrong	1
Huh? Biden is our president and he talked just last night about increasing corporate welfare. You Trump supporters are ridiculous.	1
You’re the fucktard that moved it to a different topic.	1
Im starting to think this isnt r/politics and is more like r/democratcocksucking	1
Fuck off.  Sick of people like you thinking everything is propaganda. Sometimes things are actually as they appear.	1
Which was incorrect you pedantic nerd	1
In fairness sometimes he probably also sucks Michelle off too.	1
Fake and gay	1
I dont expect an autist to understand.	1
holy hell, I’m so sad and scared for young women. I can’t imagine being exposed to this shit when I was young 😞	1
Trump takes it up the ass from Putin thats why	1
Everyone who disagrees with Democrats is a NAZI.	1
He doesn't owe him shit. He is son is a moron marrying someone who cheated on him to bandaid the relationship.	1
Good old Timmy.  Always slow to the punch.	1
Never been here, does everyone hate trump in this sub?  Are you happier with pedophiles running the country?  Serious question	1
I love when inbred trash like this whine about things on the internet.	1
YTA you're a monster.	1
So you agree that today's capitalism sucks ass?	1
That guy sucks. I'm glad he's gone.	1
Yup, now I need a reddit mod to come and console me and ban you and keep your dangerous misinformation away from my fragile brains.	1
Or you're too dumb to articulate your issue in a non-bigoted way.	1
Lmao this has to be a bot right	1
he's straight up garbage.	1
On the streets they put these crappy led streetlamps on, I have to flip my sun visor down because they are blinding.	1
Treasonous Bitch.	1
Wow you really are thick as pig shit.	1
All because they don't want pre-k through third grade taught about LGBT lifestyle/issues. The people supporting are fucking groomers. Florida is doing the right thing.	1
Cringe at the overuse of the word “cis”. Straight men drives the point home.  _I’m bi_	1
Keep licking that boot. Boot licker.	1
Your very 1st sentence makes you sound like a weirdo. Not because you’re immunocompromised and wear a mask.	1
You ever ask a spider for their silk? Fuckers get touchy about it.	1
There’s no changing your view dude, can’t fix stupid.	1
Fuck are you dumb, eh?	1
I was hoping for more disgruntled dudebros ranting about degeneracy in the comments.	1
Okay, Cunt.	1
Your an idoit if you think that	1
Matt Gaetz is under trial for child sex trafficking  Pedo	1
And now the doomer revolutionary LARPers who doubted socialists could win in free democratic elections are suddenly real quiet 🤫🤫😂	1
Texting is for loser virgins go outside plz plus you are proly black plus ratio	1
Keep eating beaver ass, see if i care  https://www.nationalgeographic.com/animals/article/beaver-butt-goo-vanilla-flavoring beaver ass = vanilla flavor](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/animals/article/beaver-butt-goo-vanilla-flavoring)	1
Oh shit he understands what my aim is better call him hateful.	1
"Being turned off by your ""wife"" responsibly planning out the financial logistics of pregnancy, birth, and child rearing is some next level clown shit"	1
You are supporting black artists. She's a moron. I got news for her, almost all music listened to today	1
Goddamn Ukrainian bots are the problem	1
Bake the cake, you bigots.	1
There are good ppl in even the worst places. Your comment is ignorant and only serves to divide.	1
There is no investigation you loon.	1
It's racist. Anyone suggesting otherwise is a racist dickhead	1
She’s one of those idiots that support Russia because she thinks they are still communist i think.	1
Thsts why they deserve to be executed	1
And now we’re stuck with the worst President of all time	1
OP's ability to cope vanishes like bitter, bitter loser tears in rain...	1
Must be tough having a double digit IQ	1
i swear everyone here is insane. keep fighting the good fight	1
You’re a treasonous weasel.	1
Or maybe all of you just are stupid lol	1
Point me to a scholarly article instead of some dipshit website and maybe I’ll take your post seriously.	1
mmm hmm, sad little bitch boy.	1
What is going on?? A Supreme Court judge's wife is a rabid outspoken magat???  Don't seem right.	1
That's about the dumbest thing I've head lately.	1
YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A HYPOCRITE AND A LIAR!	1
Keep LARPing statist pig	1
"Also, GOP hate women  -- GOP women most especially hate other women -- and they allow no life path for a woman beyond ""brood sow."""	1
Yes. It us. Tough shit. We are not the world police	1
Dude, Trump was riding Putins dick you sheep snowflake lol.	1
Shut the fuck up you people are so annoying	1
You’re thick	1
It's in his DNA (literally). This fucking guy has got to go.	1
You are a Leftist idiot	1
Maybe if the antivaxers stop farming and driving trucks you’d starve to death. Serves you right.	1
Hiroshima gets fucking deleted for the second time.	1
History makes an ass of you on that.	1
The Outrage Cycle with BS faux outrages being published at a rate of 2x above the stupid shit Trump says. It’s the Orange Shitstain Constant.	1
TIL you're a moron	1
Fuck the Democrats.   No student loan forgiveness   No judicial reform  No Marijuana decriminalization   No voter protection   No abortion rights protection   WHAT THE FUCK DID WE VOTE FOR!	1
Flair up, shitstain.	1
Kid wa put in that position due to your stupidity. Im empathetic for your child, that's about it.	1
Because hospitals don't make that much money... ... ... ... ... ... ...nope I can't keep a straight face with that bullshit, damn	1
What part is out of context you fucking idiot?	1
false narratives are dumb, OP	1
Hey mr. God family guns, what happened to thou shall not kill?	1
THE WHOLE FUCKING INTERNET IS YOUR OYSTER!!!!!	1
Who the fuck eats salt? Sure I use a small amount in cooking but I dint eat salt. Pretty sure you should see a doctor ASAP!	1
Unfortunately, this Democrat now thinks that even Bill Clinton should have been impeached after all.	1
No, but that doesn't mean that we haven't created dumb first world problems and shouldn't fix them.	1
Was she armed? Maybe if she was black there would be another “unarmed black man shot by police” and the narrative would be totally different.	1
Because NATO is the single largest military alliance in history. If they are in NATO and Russia invades Russia will be fucked	1
Yea I'm sure you have. You also totally don't sound like a right-wing shill.	1
remember when kids needed a chicken pox vaccine too? How fascist	1
LOL, all the cucks in this thread... fuck around and find out!	1
Anyone who believes cutting oil supply doesn’t affect gas prices is a total moron.	1
That's a teacher that would get a beat down if that were my kid.  Fucking asshole.	1
Just stay to the right you slow ass bitches!	1
You are a pathetic piece of human trash	1
How could anyone compare loser Trudeau to based Adolf?	1
Nobody’s crying. Just challenging disgusting behaviour - something maybe you’re not used to. :/	1
holy shit you're fat	1
You're an idiot.	1
Iraq war surplus was sold to Afghan security forces. They dropped and ran. You're a fucking moron.	1
Lmfao you need to check your squatting form?! That’s so bitch	1
Well, it objectively is. We beat small pox and polio. Now, we are too weak to beat even this inferior enemy.	1
YTA and an ignorant selfish brat.   One day the convenience of going to your local comic shop will stop because of people like you	1
Please ban me, you're all so fucking stupid it hurts to see this subreddit appear on my feed.	1
The bill doesn’t even say anything about the word gay it blocks teachers from discussing gender identity to kindergartners through third grade stop spreading lies people	1
You guys still sore losers?	1
I wonder how OP feels that he’s like “Biden sucks” and then the Internet replies “stuff it, dweeb”	1
Do you drink waters? There's more than one water. It's. Fucking. Math. You limey fucks are backwards	1
Goddamn. You're stupid.	1
Again, not mine, or many view points at all. You and I also agreed that the media is shit. So why quote it?	1
Just here to for the fragile Conservatives having a mental breakdown over a cartoon mouse wearing a different outfit lmao	1
Lol, thanks. You must real be fun at parties. Your charisma is as foul as your rivers	1
I think cringe is objectively openly admitting to being conservative, it's like outing yourself as a trash human with no empathy.	1
Too bad they couldn't and wouldn't do that in 2020 after the stolen Presidential Election. Fuck em	1
Because they are old fucking assholes with no consideration for anyone other than their rusty old selves.   I hate them.	1
That one scene in bone tomahawk fucked me up pretty good when I first saw it.	1
“You’re cheating” - dumb fucke(r)  “No, you’re cheating” - (d)umb ass	1
Go outside bro.  This is unhealthy.	1
Candace Owens is such a dickhead.	1
Hey! Shut the fuck up, you unflaired piece of shit.	1
Has been a US military puppet from jump	1
I love reddit holy shit	1
Trump's as dumb as dog shit.	1
Goodness Karen, grab your fucking pearls a little harder, maybe next time you won’t piss yourself.	1
Fuck you don’t tell people what to do	1
Don’t kid yourself. You aren’t jack shit to me.	1
Yes but Ukrainian Nazis are the only one America is sending weapons to.	1
Starlink from God King Elon you dumbass	1
"The point is, it's not even close to ""almost every time""...there are so many republican sex offenders as well."	1
Stacy eat a Snickers, your not you when your hungry.......oh shit you ate all the Snickers.	1
I've listened to him. He's a dipshit.	1
God damn there’s a bunch of stupid fucks in this subreddit. If you’re conservative you need to rethink your life.	1
Omg wipe the MAGA cum off your chin already it’s embarrassing.	1
r/Bigfoot too! 😂😂😂 I shit you not!	1
If you have nothing better to say to change my view, just shut up.	1
Well the government shouldn't be shitty and make people choose between being able to pay their bills or take a shot that could cause blood clots etc.	1
That’s fucking bullshit. Every republican I know thinks Putin is a piece of trash and should be charged as a war criminal.	1
Funny how Biden canceled Trump’s insulin cap when he took office, fucking hypocrites.	1
Go cry these words to your incompetent mother. You sound angry and deprived.	1
Holy shit! How is it the Nazi death camps got so much coverage while THIS is pretty much never discussed in the West?	1
It's legal though. Also your take is rubbish bs	1
Lol it's real you fool. Not everywhere has that system tho.	1
why do people pretend they care if someone is acting racist?	1
The adds I see feature some dumb-looking knight, water, lava, gold, and sometimes a giant monster. Is that not the game?	1
Only an idiot thinks giving up your right to own a firearm is a good idea. Liberals=fucking pussies. Go suck betos dick ya fuck.	1
Who is the old hag in the end of the video saying that we had the gay president?	1
Lol all these comments about “constraints” are so dumb lol. The real reason is because your company wants a two week interest free loan.	1
Libs aren’t racist till they find a black guy that doesn’t agree with them, then watch out	1
NTA. Im sorry for your loss. Any family who attacks you for this is not a family worth having. Fuck her and fuck them.	1
That's why you're an idiot.	1
Trump is the traitor.	1
Being anti human rights isn't a view. You're either a bigot or you're not, my guy.	1
It's fucking daytime TV drama and it's being upvoted on this sub as serious journalism.	1
You just seem like a fucking asshole tbh	1
I was kidding I just know it gets you guys going when you hear that. Had to hit the trigger button you cuck.	1
Like then we're just fucked idk	1
Because he’s what the people call, an Uncle Tom; he’s a race traitor	1
So we’re just going to ignore that gas futures went negative under Trump because he fucked up the economy so bad lol	1
anyone who thinks like this needs to be purged.	1
You think this prick has friends?	1
How is this a fucking conspiracy?  This sub has turned into alt right trash	1
Hopefully his ass dies and we get a Republican to replace him.	1
Yeah, this is just straight up bullshit. Why are you lying?  Oh yeah, lies are all you got.	1
Lol. Cos of what his wife did. So the next time your partner makes a mistake your boss should fire you? Idiot	1
Lame ass shiposter with lame-ass shitpost says what?	1
Out of curiosity, do you believe that you're not talking out of your ass?	1
I don’t know what those words mean you nerd	1
"The ""don't be a whiny little bitch"" kind."	1
We are so far beyond a judicial solutions for this nonsense	1
Which books in particular? Sounds like bullshit to me.	1
Don't dare say a word, whitey. We run this liberal sub	1
YTA and an absolute monster	1
Show it otherwise dumbass.	1
Vaping sucks too! If you produce unnecessary smoke, you suck!	1
Most of them yes Lmao get fucked	1
How many STDs has this guy contracted?	1
Actually, cigarettes shouldn't be allowed. What the hell even is this thing?	1
Because it's different to hear the words and remember them than to pull the word out of your own ass.	1
Booze. Lots of it.	1
Nazi fuck.	1
It's incredible how dumb you people are.	1
My girlfriend does this to me all the time but I like it Idk why you cried but congratulations on loosing your virginity happy for you	1
Fucking hell, show some pride in your country.	1
Blow me, disrespectful piece of shit.	1
Mosy children are spineless pussys, largely. That's not their fault, they're still at that stage in development.	1
Can someone ban me or block me from this fucking cesspool of a group. Im tired of seeing your shit	1
"Fuck'em too many people.use the ""ohhh talking to people makes me sad inside."" Grow up."	1
Maybe dont be a retatd and just get the jab. Bunch of clowns. Grow up	1
pure bullshit, troll.  voters rejected your cult leader.	1
"It is... It really is. Earlier AHS was pretty good.  But a very wise man once said ""Everything woke turns to shit""."	1
TAKE YOUR COVID TALK ELSEWHERE IDIOT! IT GOES AGAINST THE RULES. BE A RULE FOLLOWER. YOU PATHETIC JERK	1
You're a wizard Harry, you piece of shit	1
That's fucking bullshit. This is a potential world war. We're most likely gonna be dragged in at some point.	1
Point still stands your a racist asshole	1
Bye butch.	1
Cognitively he’s light years ahead of Uncle Joe. I can’t believe I voted for this idiot. Makes me wish Trump was back	1
You are a creep	1
I would say you’re an uneducated fucking idiot that needs to see himself off the fucking planet	1
Wait...did somebody actually make a sellable fat army men product?	1
Yea well, try being treated like shit cause you're brown. Nothing can fix that. Life is a shitshow all round.	1
It sure would be a shame if something happened to that pedo while he's out on bail...	1
Thats not fucking true and you know it lmao. What kind of commie googly gop is this.	1
No we wouldn't, you've literally fallen for the propaganda, blaming your fellow citizen instead of the governments for royally fucking all this up	1
As long as they are killing Russian soldiers, do we really care?	1
Romney is a fraud dummies	1
You're an idiot.	1
So you are incapable of getting a job? That's a shame....	1
Well... you told her so. She fucked up.	1
This is fucking low, even for r/Conservative.	1
You sound insufferable.	1
Motherfucker would help Putin.	1
You mfers are seething about nothing jesus christ.	1
CRT = hatred towards white people	1
She’s a dangerous half-wit	1
The title here is probably what slave owners said to their n*ggers every day.  So to conclude.  You suck.	1
How else will our leaders pretend to give a shit and look good to their voters?	1
Crazy how a bunch of idiots like y'all have the nerve to call someone else unhirable when half of you can't open a pdf.	1
Go fix your fucked teeth and stay out of discussions you can’t possibly understand, limey	1
You know what you want to say so just say it. Stop this question baiting shit.	1
Dude. Where the fuck was this camp when I was growing up? I swear millennials always get the shit end of the stick.	1
People should literally stop overusing literally, its literally so fricking annoying	1
Have u ever seen an ant?  *ants don’t give a flying fuck*	1
Bruh use a different Republican president; Reagan was out of it with dementia for most of his second term.	1
no I'm not blaming the victim of anything and its asinine you would even suggest it. it's misdirection and deflection.	1
He doesn't need to apologise and I think it is bloody stupid to suggest by his friend that he should need to do so.	1
It's always fuckin' /conspiracy users shilling for russia  Why is it always fuckin' /conspiracy users shilling for russia	1
Fucking seriously though.	1
Al Franken was a weak and stupid cuck for resigning over one picture	1
The shit stirring ones asked solely to rile people up	1
Hey I no punk bitch	1
So that means listening to people who are bat shit crazy??? Smh	1
Doomer fanfiction from the 70s. Population growth has slowed and we feed more people with less land. Tommy Malthus can suck it!	1
Yuuup.  OP is pathetic.	1
You've been waiting to use that lol. You troglodyte.	1
Y'all.need to look at what the right has done with Miami. That's some shit. Ffs	1
Plan B literally is your system, shutting nut down in a couple hours	1
You're a special kind of moron arent you? Fuckin waste of oxygen lmao.	1
Tig old biddies go a long way.	1
True that.  Watching him make any speech is just painful. He is a senile embarrassment and makes us appear weaker than ever before.	1
Straight up greed.	1
Yes mods are horrible	1
Same for cucker Carlson	1
Typical elitist shaming the uneducated.	1
Those are joss exact words at 10:15 or thereabouts. The only fake news here is your blatant LIE.  WTF???	1
That stupid sentence was a pretty good way… do you have any adult words?	1
Lol...so your reasoning of being afraid of a vaccine is...war of the worlds? Grow up, pussy	1
You married a real jerk.	1
Eh it’s all fucking fake bruh 😄	1
Well Thats pretty stupid. You can't say an NFT isn't real just because you can't eat it.	1
You know what part, almost everything you said was made up, now stop talking to me. Douche	1
Don’t get me wrong. I’m all for getting rid of them. They are parasites.	1
Saying no offense and then making an assumptive insults is some toxic shit, fuck you	1
If your night is ruined by a a dog fake dying in a movie, you’re a huge pussy.	1
You’ll make this post then go and call trump Jesus, this subreddit is so fucking stupid 😂	1
Stop being pedantic, OP's argument is pretty understandable and you dufuses are trying to catch them on a pointless technicality like a shitty lawyer.	1
That’s like me saying “and you comment in gay subreddits” who the fuck cares??	1
Move to China, tell them we’ll trade you for a dog they’re about to eat.	1
Just commit suicide , “the world” will end immediately after	1
I think there are monopoly laws to prevent this kindof thing but I could be wrong because I'm kinda dumb	1
Yeah it’s another racial bullshit	1
You. Are. Smoking. Crack.	1
I would assume while you work out you’re fueled by adrenaline which like nerfs pain. -Just another idiot throwing his opinion around (:	1
Holy shit, I just browsed GenZedong's top posts. Pray for me	1
Biden sucks. What do you think u/dig1965	1
Wow you're impressively stupid.	1
Correct. So you're a spineless fat fuck?	1
What the hell did you just try to say?	1
doES tHe WeST   Fuuuuuuuck you man. Such a silly statement and generalization of our views.	1
Judging by the user name, I suspect it's a man pretending to be a woman avatar. Those trolls love to spew this kind of BS.	1
Illegal? Says who? For what reason? Oh... Is it because your feelings are hurt?  Tough shit.	1
Hey, I think someone has gained access to your account and is saying some of the most stupid things imaginable.	1
It’s sad you’d take time to post this, You must live a very pathetic life.	1
Try it big man, I bet your old ass gets what coming to ya.	1
The political parties swapped, assholes. Never seen a modern day democrat with a confederate flag.	1
There’s nothing to stop them from doing that. But they’ve been raising prices on shit without being taxed anyway so why not?	1
What's idiotic about pointing out projection? Both sides do it, and it makes us all dumber. This is not a liberal/conservative thing.	1
all right, God damn , sold.	1
What an excellent answer. People like you are the sole reason I keep coming on Reddit despite everyone sub being full of garbage	1
"And the NCAA said ""who gives a single fuck?"""	1
YTA. So you abused and poisoned animals. Fuck you	1
You should of gassed them with a fart and left.	1
You are a fucking idiot	1
Lmao, come on man! How dare you bring FACTS to this sub!	1
Ironically some have, I’m Canadian. Which is dumb	1
You’re dumb, huh?	1
That's one big fat hypocrite.	1
No thanks. You sell crazy somewhere else.	1
Soooo maybe drink saltwater with less salt.  Not fucking hard	1
It's too difficult to tell the difference between insanity and stupidity.  Let them die in prison	1
i don't know. boebert is lowkey kinda hot and i'd like to put my dick in her if you know what i mean	1
Brown people hate Biden more after killing a bus full of them in Yemen	1
Awwww, stupid little fuckwad tries to be edgy...	1
Affirmative Action is racist. Getting any preferential treatment because of your skin color is wrong.	1
So saying that gender isn't biological is not the result of brainwashing?	1
It's *sometimes* about pleasure.  Source: used to be a rapist.	1
I think the left us equally pissed that they stole gorsuch's seat and rammed through another a week before the election	1
If you can't see how you're being a hypocrite, I got nothing for ya dumb shit.	1
Two terms is better than one . 2024 & 2028, 8 years for your snowflake butthurt ass	1
STFU, you fucking ignoramus!	1
That’s because you don’t want posses even the average degree of intelligence	1
She's a traitor and it's time for her husband to kick the bucket	1
NTA. Tell your neighbour to worry about his own kids and mind his fucking bussiness.	1
They still have stock, and I don’t have any desire to make this jackass richer.	1
Same dude who tried to get dildos banned in Texas? This dude DEFINES the work cuck.	1
They should be behind bars	1
“Abortion isn’t death.”  I’m sorry can you try saying that again in English instead of your native fucktardian?	1
This comment is some clueless normie shit.	1
I didn't think anyone on this shithole website would get it right.  I stand corrected.	1
Same reason we park in the driveway, but drive on the parkway. Because fuck you, that's why.	1
Taking too much potassium will fuck up your heart and kill you. So it is really restricted.	1
We can already see it. Unless your a dumb-ass.	1
I dont think an all star hall of fame quarter back is too worried about what a bunch of fat, hive mind redditors think 😂😂	1
And AOC isn’t even eligible.  These people are as dumb as a post.	1
I would destroy that old man	1
When you are losing the debate, just say ______ is racists	1
lmao get up your fat ass you lazy fuck, dont even compare those two things.	1
Practically being a slave to your SO. One person shouldn’t have to do every little thing just for the satisfaction of their partner	1
This is fucking stupid.	1
Trump laundered Russian mob money through his NY apartments for over a decade.  Everyone knows it stfu	1
because girls like guys who treat them like shit	1
No thanks, go away nobody wants you here goddamn freak.	1
Theres a god damn difference between SLAVERY, and wearing a fucking mask. grow a pair dipshit	1
Nta. What a douche	1
This mofo is going to get himself killed	1
The fuck is this.	1
I think this is the stupidest question I’ve seen all week on reddit. Sorry man, you really did it to yourself this time.	1
Fuck off.	1
Reg dem and Warren can get fucked up a 30ft tree. Not a chance in hell.	1
I think in the end, OP WAS the punchline. And he’s lucky his own brother didn’t physically make him so! 😂	1
I love a lot of men, not men like you of course, you pathetic guys make me sick	1
Lol I’ll make fun of your stupidity any way I want, no thanks.	1
"No, you're really trying to use ""your friends"" as the only valid source.  It's really ignorant."	1
OP is not a “king” and you are both narcissistic assholes.	1
And you can't tell me what to believe. So, checkmate -ist losers!	1
I know what doctors are dipshit	1
Well if you don't bow down to the LGBT mafia then you need to be thrown in the gulag according to redditors!	1
Jesus Fucking Christ Reddit	1
Because twitter is a private business and they can do whatever the fuck they want	1
Dude sleeping with another dude is in moral and does not have a place in schools	1
You know our society is fucked when our friends and family won't even heed our warnings.	1
And it’s going to suck	1
This is the most ignorant meme I’ve ever read lmao	1
Lol, shut up. We're not talking about them.	1
What an old hag.	1
Death to America	1
So you're fucked in the head. Cool.	1
If it's controversial to point out that Takei is a bigot then I'm not the problem here.	1
It’s a fucking man	1
Oh!!  You didn't *read*.  Shocker!!!  Data from here, fucknuts:  https://www.move.org/2020-moving-stats-and-trends/#TopStatesWherePeopleMovedtoandFrom  What now?	1
I cant use the c word because ill be banned from reddit but holy shit is Greene that word	1
His wife is just two Democrats in a trench coat.	1
Fascist country, what did you expect? There is a reason for special military operation.	1
If your values-system exalts in the disfigurement of mentally-ill children, it ought to be destroyed completely.	1
The fuck even is this comment? Troll somewhere else.	1
Punks jump up to get beat down.	1
No he is absolutely racist	1
Fuck you for relegating immigrants to “picking fruit and cleaning houses”	1
NTA, Simon is an idiot if he's so irresponsible with his illness that he's counting on mooching off someone else to survive	1
This guy'd rather live in a authoritarian state than fight fascist like Putin and have higher gas prices.	1
I never took any side. I say fuck them both. America should not be involved.	1
Are you stupid? US isn’t the ones fighting in Ukraine, much less playing god.	1
Who cares about a bunch of niggers	1
How can you decide rather or not? People are terrible and terrible, but being a abuser does not automatically mean they are worth nothing.	1
Yeah bro we need you to say this very important piece of info our tiny brains cant comprehend. Fuck off.	1
I think you sound like a spoiled brat with social anxiety.	1
Please don't assrape me, mods	1
stfu braindead retard	1
That's 9 more months of research than any of you chucklefucks have done 😘	1
"Uh-oh .. you had me until you used ""the left"" .. the loonies always blame everything on to ""the left"" .."	1
Are you going to get Ken out of jail? He is 5! Do it! Step up! I dare you!	1
oh my god, you are fucking dense, literally every far left moron is a commie.	1
Youre a fucking weirdo for knowing all this	1
So using that logic a wooden chisel could cut sandstone? You just need to have enough strike force?? You sound dumb as fuck haha	1
so to not be a sociopath, i have to support mandating a fucking literal shot into everyones arm, im out lol. yall are beyond	1
We ‘think’ it violates our policy?  Fuck you	1
So you are too stupid to read, got it 👍	1
Probably though the good thing is modern psychology already throws out most of that only thing that remains is the trans crap.	1
yeah you’d think a nazi would wanna go help out the nazi’s	1
That ideology is stupid to me	1
This sub is getting worse and worse with stupidity.	1
before I read the comments. I would like to know too because I suck at speaking my second language but can kinda understand my grandparents	1
THERE'S A MEGATHREAD FOR THAT TOPIC YOUR HORRENDOUS MASS OF HUMAN SHIT	1
This guy is overrated..... But he is right about one thing, he is an idiot looking for clout and fame.	1
Conservatives so upset about him calling someone a moron... yet no-one denies he has constant death threats against him and his family....	1
Sounds like you just suck at things in general	1
I’m assuming the only people upset by this are idiots or p-dos.	1
My god. You are such a profound idiot	1
If you already know everything,  why waste the money?  It must be hard to hear anything with your head shoved completely up your own ass.	1
Shut up dweeb	1
What a stupid post.	1
What makes it trash?? Shit I love drugs, but that’s just me 😭	1
nah i’m not the problem. it’s not my fault you guys come off wrong with your unfunny mean ass jokes.	1
Senile dipshit is a qualifier for 100% of the senate and most of the house.	1
Yeah and before money they actually got damn help not people feeding them making things worse for society.	1
You oversold your point. You went too far. Now you look like a dummy.	1
This is the stupidest comment I’ve seen all year	1
The fact that you felt this was worth sharing as if it's somehow morally sound to be dishonest with your partner is baffling.	1
He’s a fucking CLOWN	1
I don't know about fucking CHE GUEVERA and LENIN, two of the worst people in the communist movement.	1
Shut da hell up	1
You are ducking stupid.	1
The mandates.  I only see that shit on IG, and them talking about shutting things down.  Stopping trucks in NY etc.    Fuck them	1
Worst VP in the last 50 years.	1
This whole thread is like society, fucking annoying.	1
Dude, you are a Russian Troll.  Stop with your trying to be democratic crap.  You are full on Russian	1
What war did Biden start. You said that was truth. Biden didn’t start any wars, liar.	1
Liberals are cheaters. The voters are getting screwed. Thank you FL.	1
I'm far too selfish to hate anyone even an idiot such as yourself 😂	1
you're a dick bud.	1
"Key words are ""on average"" dipshit"	1
Boo-fucking-hoo. Cry all the way home about historical context but not the context in which Joe Rogan said nigger.	1
Gender equality? Stay and fight you cowards! lol	1
I'd be a bitter bitch too if I went from smokin' hot to a complete fucking goblin. Time was not kind to her.	1
Stfu stupid mod	1
"Standing dropkick, then scream ""the price is WRONG bitch!"""	1
you probably cropped Branco's water mark to avoid looking like a dumbass, when instead you made yourself look even more like a bitch	1
cope seethe and dilate	1
Fuck this cuck. Mofo was always overrated and never funny.	1
Putin is definitely not a communist; 100% a fascist.	1
This sub is getting real shitty with post like this.	1
Fuck you, you traitorous coward.	1
Because it's fucking rude. We've all been underpaid at some point. Do your job.	1
> that fatass Trump make  hahahaha, you must mention Trump into this. You have Trump derrangement syndrome. Seriously pathetic.	1
Why hasn’t anyone put a dildo in their mouths in this photo?	1
Trump is a different kind of brain man[.](https://www.trmethu.xyz) It seems difficult for prosecutors to keep their thoughts to themselves.	1
There’s a reason you were too stupid to finish HS.	1
I can't help it if you're dumb as shit	1
What a stupid thing to say. Just keep your mouth shut ignorant fuck	1
Nah, I just enjoy watching you idiots get rilled up, thanks.	1
You sound like Whiney little bitch tbh	1
Fnck you Anti-vaxx morons.	1
Why the fuck are you capitalizing so much shit that should not be?	1
Clearance has been cooning in the courtroom for decades. He sucks	1
You're one of those redditurds that try to start silly arguments because you're lonely and desperate for attention.	1
Same comment verbatim, throughout this thread. Fuck off bot	1
You’re tiresome. Go drink some bleach. You lost. Cops.	1
Reagan would agree with Biden more than Trump. This is a silly meme.	1
Yep, it sucks...	1
Na. You're point is that you're an idiot.	1
Show me the evidence for the fucking	1
Jesus fucking christ cry harder would ya? Grow the fuck up, if your sensitive ass can't take a joke that's a you problem	1
Soon people like you, especially Democrats will face the consequences you miserable dumb fuck.	1
wow you idiots are really grasping at straws	1
this is definitely a super racist place	1
God you’re pathetic.	1
>you- you're serious?   No of course I'm not retard	1
I actually cackled aloud... Yes, it was wonderful. Everytime they showed his face, I shouted dumbass.	1
Why? The first part was stupid. why would the last part be better?	1
Lmao she’s a fucking slut for money. The mental gymnastics people do…that poor kid. Never had a chance.	1
Anyone who watched this and walked away thinking this was bullying is either dishonest with themselves, or mentally deficient.	1
Her bizarre and immature reaction is surprising even for her. Can’t believe people voted for this.	1
A jack off like you. Can’t earn an honest living so needs the government to do it for you.   Now shut your cum dump	1
Woof. It didn't take me long to see your TL absolutely screaming that you're a Tankie.	1
This is how its done! Scrotes, step up or shut up.	1
Bullshit impeachment , too! Sitting POTUS blackmailed the Ukrainian President for over a $1Billion in Aide, so STFU!	1
kanyes probably fucked a few dudes . i don’t care about that	1
Only pussies wear masks so I’m not surprised it’s a democrat thing.	1
Your face is ugly.	1
The fucking Biden tax	1
It's amazing how a senile Biden was able to pull off election fraud so perfectly. A senile mastermind that dude.	1
You should definitely disclose to all your coworkers that you’re this dim.	1
Freedom to Tabriz, Freedom to Turks  Fuck you persian sharia lover assholes	1
Sure I am, now pay me my $ damnit.	1
You're an idiot.	1
Well stripped hamster left a pretty messed up comment. Refusing to let people in the hospital even if it’s a life or death situation.	1
Gamma ray burst would end us though. Scares the shit out of me because you can't see it coming.	1
We're also in a climate crisis. Or are you fucking Americans still clinging to denial of it?	1
Why do actual politics when you can just rile people up about nonsense culture war shit that doesn't matter?	1
lol so dumb - what AMERICAN doesn’t have the right to vote…  I’ll wait…	1
You wouldn’t know a fascist if they slapped you in your face!	1
"Puppies after 15 weeks and 6 days - ""Who the heck are you?"""	1
Dude, fuck this shit so hard. What a completely incompetent asshole.	1
Yep the Biden administration really standing up to thugs like Putin while allowing Russia to broker deals between the US and Iranian mullahs. Unbelievable	1
Weed is psychedelic I’ve smoked and gotten more fuck up than taking shrooms	1
The trans movement is foul.  How many human rights violations does it need to spawn before we abandon this misadventure?	1
Let me edit that for you... Dems: the Right wants to kill the (p)resident.	1
I didn’t propose anything you dopey puppet.	1
You realize pipelines are cleaner and more efficient than traditional methods right? Holy fuck you really project don’t you. Your clueless	1
Not derangement. Just able to see that it isnt any one person's fault.  Its fucking ridiculous to blame one person. BDS	1
So... you are an idiot? OK bye idiot.	1
Hunter living my dream. Foot jobs from fine ass hoes and smoking crack. Mad lad	1
"Money we don't have going to freeloading ""allies"" who hate us until they need a bail out"	1
Does money have a nationality?   Stupid amounts of it even less.	1
The nanny state? You must hate this sub then, since they ban and remove anyone that doesnt echo whatever this chamber is saying.	1
To be fair, I have actually been assaulted by geese on numerous occasions.  They are little bitches.	1
Because he's a pompous douche.	1
NTA she wanted it. Her mom sounds like a control freak, who’s guilting her child into staying vegan.	1
Poor baby. Sorry you were a fucking sucker. Doesn't mean everyone else has to be.	1
Dude the pipeline wouldn't have done shit. Jesus christ u people...	1
r/crazy leftists would be more appropriate. I don't know why any sane person even attempts to engage anyone there.	1
Wait, we don't?  Goddammit, the missus has been lying to me!!!	1
How happy does any country have to be to invade any country? It's fucking expensive	1
Why won't you die?	1
So Palestinians didn't go around killing jews in the 1920s ?  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_and_massacres_in_Mandatory_Palestine	1
brain dead trump supporter moment	1
"The wording is deliberate. Perhaps it should be ""Go fuck yourself"" with how many times Ukrainians have said that version of it to Russians."	1
You should be a comedian.	1
What about being drunk makes you think I'm more likely to shoot somebody?	1
Good one,dipshit! Did it take you all day to think of that?	1
Flair up you retarded unflaired	1
Not all pedophiles are child rapists and not all child rapists are pedophiles. Pedophilia harms no one, child rape does.	1
We're not persecuting anyone, just checking for abuse. They might have groomers or something sick like that.	1
Lmao like exactly what you just did? What a clown.	1
Swing and a miss, Dipshit.	1
"Yep, have yet to see any ""hell break loose"" with Matt Gaetz."	1
Cope, seethe, and dilate.  Justice won, your degenerate cult of dipshits lost. Get over it.	1
Your mom is a fucking dumbass. What kind of moron thinks cutting off a part of someone won’t hurt?	1
Diversity sucks. America in 2022 is living proof that diversity is a failure.	1
Instead of criticizing, tell me your big brain idea… 💡	1
Try having less sex with less partners to achieve mental peace	1
Well there's the dumbest thing I'll read today.	1
Lol typical libleft, all libleft should be executed because their brain is too stupid	1
MORMON TERRORIST.  Needs to be said more.  Mormons are not good people, just pleasant in public.	1
What proof do you have showing it was debunked? Sounds like you’ve been drinking the koolaid	1
Okay, you are that stupid.	1
That would make me such an asshole because she’s a kid, but that is a great idea. It’s petty and perfect.	1
Useless Congress getting nothing done again.	1
Fuck off man. Did I accuse op of being racist? Nope. Unbelievable website.	1
That's a moot point.	1
Go fucking pound sand. I live In Alabama.	1
Why?  Biden has done everything to be impeached  lying mf	1
Well thought out point, numbnuts.	1
Fuck off russian troll..	1
Absolute bullshit. You'd probably need to pull your head out of your ass to actually read it.	1
Says the slob	1
You ain’t too old to get your ass beat.	1
I'd rather have people vape than blowing their nasty ass cigarette smoke at me.	1
Fuck off, fox news	1
Hey buddy go fuck your self	1
Dang you’re dumb	1
No ALKOHOL IS THE WAY OF LIFE, don't listen to this bulshit, alkohol brings happibess and joy to all. Fuck you	1
Oh whoops this is terribly bad misinformation	1
Private citizen  Fuck off with culture war fuel	1
I guarantee that they're nothing  compared to ISIS, fucking retard.	1
...And you're playing along, looking equally stupid.  Definitely peak reddit.	1
Fuck off, I’m done with you Disney characters on this website 😂	1
Oh yeah I forgot, facts and truth are racist to you.lefrtist.	1
You,my friend are wrong and therefore full of shit !	1
You poor, poor, miserable creature. Do you live in syria?	1
Someone’s mad about their shit title	1
Bruh. Is your brain on? Legitimately.	1
So jesus said to not respect religions? yeah fuck him and fuck you	1
Living rent free - in your head	1
Dude are you smoking crack? Florida is like one of the cheapest states in america… (expect for like kansas of the flyovers)	1
The GOP is inherently evil and soulless.	1
The problem here is that magats are too dumb to figure out what it says.	1
Holy crap,  what a tragedy!	1
You consider yourself ugly and twisted.  People consider you kind and beautiful.  I mean, it’s all about points of view.	1
DONT TALK ABOUT THAT SHIT HERE YOU WORTHLESS SCUM. YOU'RE LOWER THAN SHIT.	1
I mean she's definitely not wrong. Your average American is not intelligent in the fucking slightest yet thinks they know it all.	1
They used to jail and or institutionalise the insane.  Now the roam freely, and seek to impart their illness on children.	1
And unlike you i dont downvote things that hurt my fragile ego.	1
Scratch a liberal and you'll find a fascist underneath every time.	1
I’m sorry dude. That was rape. Maybe consider going to the cops.	1
Sigh, can we drop a fkn nuke on these commies already?!	1
So 23 daya ago you post to BDSM but now you claim you just lost your virginity? This sub as gone to shit because of people like OP	1
It’s time for the fake Biden Bullshit to end, an I can’t believe how many idiots are fine with what is going on!	1
Yep, make laws protecting careless retards like me  - mark cuban, probably	1
If he comes to Florida we would gladly feed his spineless bitch ass to an Alligator. Fuck Justin.	1
Can someone take him out for being mentally unfit for saying something this stupid and outlandish?	1
Suck a Clinton dick, hillbilly	1
Tell me your a bigot that thinks their a biologist while obviously not being a biologist lol 😂	1
You've made it obvious your opinions are hot garbage and the only thing you have to add to any conversation is division and strife.	1
mods, please ban me from this shit subreddit	1
Because Fauci was the only one doing the right thing. This sub gets more stupid by the second.	1
Fascism at its finest. This is called censorship you dumb liberals.	1
Jesus Christ. This is so fucking dumb.	1
It also elected Hillary Clinton as senator, and got us that socialist commie called Bernie Sanders.   Yea, screw New York City.	1
Get your religious bullshit out of here. Fuck off	1
Shit the fuck up and tell him you know how he feels you hypocrite.	1
The lawmakers come up with this trash should have been aborted.	1
Maybe they should have sent them when they were needed in January, not when the peak has come and gone. Clown show.	1
bro are you an idiot?	1
It was bullshit like pretty much 100% of the nonsense on this stupid sub.	1
Top comment death threats for those with differing views? What a beacon of reason and tolerance this shitshow of a sub is.	1
You fucking owned that terf.	1
Ah shit, I forgot that this is /r/politics and people here don't have princples.	1
maybe she should date men in her own league	1
Better get a box sack and hit it everytime, later you will regret bcs u have to pay for covering those scars	1
Simple remark: Total and complete bullshit	1
yo if men should look like men and women should look like women does this mean they are a cockroach	1
Literally no body in Texas with real integrity actually likes this douche.	1
No, he's just attached to Trump's balls, like a suckerfish, so he can feed off the parasites from him.	1
You are fucking brain dead dude	1
Stfu Russian shill.	1
Not a joke. Dead serious	1
Right? I get this is r/conservative but holy crap. I mean Ted Cruz fled Texas when the power went out. Smh	1
You’re fucking insane	1
Hey it's not my fault the conservatives coined the phrase. Sheeple	1
Are you troll or just fucking dumb?	1
Trans is a made up term by bunch of lunatics following the work of a sicko it’s Gender dysphoria.	1
Yep.  Please by all means show me the proof that this incident was vax related....or maybe just stfu :)	1
Not really.  Has the jabs, feels okay.  Hoping for a break from the little savages	1
Hahahah you fucking guys	1
nickleback sucks. always has. always will.	1
Look it up.  It was actually quite common moron.	1
Take your upvote and fuck off.	1
Only a crack/meth addict would know the difference between the two.	1
"OP You are what we call in the United States a ""Fucking Moron"" please don't breed"	1
Go suck trumps cock more ya dingus	1
"Fascist fake ""country"""	1
You really spend all your free time consuming and regurgitating liberal propaganda on this echo chamber of a sub   Go get laid dawg	1
Even more important, they’re a sovereign white (Slavic) country, not some sandngr shit hole.	1
White kid is the only one getting punked by this douche	1
And get downvoted to oblivion by circlejerks. No thanks u can figure it out on the internet	1
It is racist. He is racist.	1
My G, ignore all these soyboys brother. They think being weak, pathetic little excuses of “men” is what gets em the pussy	1
Republican magats don't give a Damn about true American values.	1
He should go and do that, see where it gets him. What a windbag.	1
Yeah, you're a terrible mother. YTA.	1
You know you're NTA. Right? Cuz holy fuck this guy sounds like the king of assholes!	1
It really doesnt save that much time, and they can make money selling priority boarding and shit.	1
Conspiracy kooks are FUNNY as HELL.  Thanks for the laugh, and for the break from anti-vax and covid disinformation.	1
Wow, these comments are delusional as fuck.	1
Lol fuck off	1
Nah, I'm a woman actually and I'd much rather not associate with sluts of any gender.	1
And what?  Replace him with Kameltoa?	1
Says the moron who gets spoon fed his thoughts from social media….	1
Ope. Found the racist.	1
That roommate's presence is gross and we need to get rid of him asap.	1
Decades? Fucking hell you're delirious.	1
Yeah it’s fucking stupid and another reason why the rest of the world sees American politicians as clowns	1
Reagan was the worst thing to ever happen to the US	1
lol check the context dipshit stop profiting from child labor	1
u/Monoby get over here you asshoe!	1
Downvote me a million times donkeys, a picture is worthless. Do it on video under controlled conditions, until then fuck off.	1
Nah your way off you damn rino	1
You really need someone to explain to you why the belief that there are no genders is stupid..?	1
Reagan went brain dead while in office while Nancy was blowing the A-team you muppet	1
I feel so bad for her constituents. I wish some of them could read the shit she says.	1
Sympathy: That sucks, I'm sorry you feel that way.  Empathy: That sucks, I know exactly how you feel.	1
Yea you chodes are gunna have to wait to attack the capitol	1
Thats the best your pea brain could come up with?	1
not with a fucking milkshake	1
What if I told you that Candace Owens has no coherent ideology other than being a fucking retard?	1
You're an illiterate fool.	1
Oh TLDR  Have some empathy and common sense ya f*ckin lunatic.	1
I don’t give the slightest fuck what the bible says	1
Your idiocy amuses me.	1
Mixing issues? I thought we were talking about political corruption. Whatever, have fun sucking big brothers dick.	1
Rush the Supreme Court and smear shit all over the place seems to be an option.	1
"All those fake ass new ""genders"" and pronouns people make up and post online just to cause an uproar"	1
You guys want to fuck her so bad Hahhaha	1
I agree...stop the whining...	1
nah, biden has been doing an awful job and this putin thing is only highlighting it more and more	1
Anyone that considers themselves as a Modern Republican is Sociopathic pice of shit.  No question.	1
This whole thing is bait. Nobody's this dumb.	1
What kind of monstrous pussy wants a law to punch someone?	1
Making shit up and congratulating each other on their genius is the hallmark of this sub	1
Vote her and McConnel out. Pieces of shit	1
Jesus christ you morons project so hard.	1
So you’re retarded	1
man shut up	1
Correct, just like no one cares about OP not being able to mooch anymore.	1
yes i am familiar with that subreddit, it's a trash subreddit full of brainwashed normies	1
Probably not, but if I see someone beating the shit out of a nazi I'm not gonna stop them	1
Nah fuck that kid lol.	1
That’s pathetic	1
Well this vapid count would certainly know what doing reconnaissance in the capital would look like.	1
SMH, what a fraking disgrace and this point id entertain the military taking over...	1
One liner ignorant exclamation replies are low key definition of being whiner in totality..   it's house of hypocrite with punchie whiny lines..	1
Honestly I'm glad it works this way. I feel bad for independent contractors and self-owned businesses who have to do that shit on their own.	1
Gotta be the dumbest shit I've ever seen, and I've seen Biden fall asleep during his own speech.	1
Not really. Different conversations in different threads. If that bothers you than life must suck for you.	1
Nah, bitch. Just wait till our workers get even more organized. Unions and living wages are coming back, baby! With an iron fist!	1
Your as dumb as a rock.	1
Stickers  Politics  Moron	1
> Gas prices are going to go up but it's okay because Russians suffer too  Average liberal traitor	1
If people don't know the pandemic is a thing, is it a fucking pandemic? Dense fucks	1
Jesus Christ, what an asshole.	1
Kill as many politicians as possible	1
I’m not a misogynist	1
like leftists don't do the same overdramtic shit. stfu with this.	1
I think we all know that it’s Kamala and not Biden who blows.	1
Dude, are you literally retarded?	1
Oh shut up, they will live, it is only delayed for a couple of days	1
Probably because you don't give a shit where your products come from and never bothered to look it up	1
What am I wrong then, coward?	1
You ever wondered if you're the asshole?	1
Divorce his ass girl, you deserve better!	1
wasn't that like 12 feds and an autistic fuck	1
Settle down china, it's just a joke. Don't get your titties twisted. Lmao	1
I’d guess they build it and then suck out the water with straws (my stupid attempt at humor)	1
Get off the fucking page then you stupid cunt!!!	1
So answer when you're free. not hard. Don't take 2 fucking days to respond, easy	1
Screwed by his own idea?	1
Maybe try getting off your lazy ass and get a job to pay off the money YOU borrowed?	1
And still a moron	1
Uhhhhh what the fuck?	1
Libs owning the corporations by buying their shit. Damn you’re dumb as fuck.	1
These are HIGH SCHOOLERS. The idea that they have no concept about gender is fucking insane.	1
>but I'm a man  That doesn't make what you said any less stupid.	1
Life of a Reddit mod must really suck	1
Have plenty, if you use the term neuro-divergent or non typical to describe yourself there is an 85% chance your a whine and dbag	1
I’m happy you got this bloody war to reinforce your insane conspiracies	1
Honestly couldn’t give a fat shit if I get ratio’d or not but god damn that was tame as shit.	1
because Biden is an absolute retard and we shouldn't make fun of it	1
On why it’s a coincidence? I couldn’t speak to that without pulling things out of my ass	1
He is an identifiable chode for sure.	1
Oh yeah I'm sure our incompetent cackling VP strengthened our relationship's with our allies a whole bunch, probably while on her knees.	1
Thomas needs to have a bullet right between his beady eyes.	1
No, but you're a racist according to Malcom X. Why you racist?	1
"All the radical leftists I know think homeless people are actually ""pure shit people"""	1
Well that little TREASONOUS fella (Bradley) needs to stay in jail. Should’ve never got out.	1
We need to nuke china	1
These kinds of articles remind me why I can't be a full blown conservative. Y'all are dipshits lol	1
Lol never said that. But clearly you showed who you are. Your obsessed with hating Trump so much you sold out your country.  Congrats.	1
This might be the most ignorant and shortsighted comment in the whole thread lmao  Usually i would argue, but this is just hilariously void of reality	1
Nah I think you severely underestimate how many people dislike him and view him as an inept, racist, ignorant, bigoted, moron.	1
But BLM isn’t the fucking president of the United States dude.	1
u ppl are shit ppl	1
You should prob get that checked out... crazy ass	1
You are causing more harm than good.  Go hide behind your bullshit stats and pretend they justify your Frankenstein bullshit.  Whatever helps you sleep at night.	1
no, that's what you think they want in your idiotic deluded brain	1
Someone please eliminate Rick Scott	1
Cause Trump’s an idiot.	1
Someone who hates Texans	1
Y'all mad as fuck. Stay mad, clowns.	1
Stop posting this ideological bullshit here.	1
Blah blah symbolism blah. What a crock of shit lol.	1
The kind of smooth brained take I'd expect from someone with your username	1
Whining that he can't go around randomly fat shaming or speak bad about minorites. OP is just an ass that demeans others to inflate his own ego	1
Good way to get your teeth stoved in...	1
No, this is nothing more than entertainment while I’m taking a shit.	1
Oh yeah wow you totally got her. Whoopedy do. You idiots hate masks	1
what's to investigate, his duplicitous incompetence is manifest	1
You could at least *try* and pretend not to be a disingenuous ass	1
A wise man once said, everyone has a plan until you get punched in the face.	1
No you’re downvoted for being a jackass	1
Flair the fuck up retard or no one will give two fucks what you say.	1
Don't trust anyone especially authority. Think for yourself, and accept that you're retarded and your opinion doesn't matter	1
Lmao *of course* you are. Selfish bitch.	1
Nah the libs don’t. Science always says to question everything and test theories. You sheeple just breathe and comply	1
Life’s a bitch… then you die	1
Holy shit, how can you not think about this for two seconds and realise the reason..? Absolutely mind boggling	1
>The idea of letting people that view women and LGBT people as lesser into my country is dumb  Based. Fuck the muslims	1
So you’re like, an idiot. 🙄	1
Good, fuck ‘em.	1
Shut up you fucking clown.	1
Not different from what it feels to swim and be thrown into the lake of fire in Islam hell.	1
My grandparents have one of those old taps, its fucking amazing if ur thirsty, 100% water and its like a laminar flow	1
Feels like golden treasure, but hurts like fucking knife in arm	1
Go home drunko	1
big bulge 🥵	1
I want my standard to be not freezing up and having a racing heart like a spineless coward when women come on to me	1
How are the dems wreaking havoc nationally?  If the dems were the reasonable pragmatic party what was or is the Republican Party?	1
I'm so glad somebody brought this up. Drinking out of that style of faucet is so gd satisfying. I go right in, fuck a cup	1
Oh, and he hasn't beat the drums of War even once.  You know what?  Fuck you, bro.	1
Holy shit, so basically science was actually based back then?	1
Place should be banned, it's stupid AF	1
Boo hoo for the slutty ho.	1
the literal two remaining conservative ones that hyperoffended leftist reddit trigglies haven't shrieked out of existence	1
This is really dumb OP	1
I’m so glad you dumped this fatphobic pos. Now go get yourself a fine woman that loves all your beautiful curves.	1
Yeah why help your own citizens when you need to spend that money importing more arabs to stab and rape your women?	1
I’d like him to be raped. Just to double check if his advice works for him.	1
He had racism and the need for power in common with one of the worst presidents ever!	1
This professor  fuck shit needs to take a dirt nap	1
A first ballot hall of fame cunt. Why is a broad allowed to mod in the askmen sub?	1
Shut up, wait until at least high school before you say something that stupid again	1
1986 machine gun ban happened under him, further eroding our rights. Fuck em	1
Arson is illegal retard	1
that he smoked meth	1
First I wondered where you came up with such crap.looked at history, explains it all.why even waste your time	1
To hell with peaceful protest. Protesters should drag DeathSantis out of his home and have a public trial	1
I said it wasn’t perfect. But downvote away pussy.	1
It means stfu and don’t say a word other than “U wot mate? I’ll ‘ave a barrister guv, cheerio”	1
Trudeau is an immature coward.	1
"It will be over when we stand up and say ""enough is enough"". Do NOT comply. No clot shot, no mask."	1
The truth. If you'd care to remove your head from your ass long enough then you'd recognize it.	1
It doesn’t suck. It just doesn’t exist.	1
Your a wizard you piece of shit	1
His smug face pisses me off.	1
TALK THAT SHIT	1
Oh my god imagine wanting the autonomy to decide what does and doesn't go inside your body. You fucking idiot.	1
Yeah pretty much. I personally want to hunt pedos.	1
Stfu and look at my profile pics before judging what league im in	1
Not just the men, but the women too.  Anyone who made use of pedo island deserves to rot.	1
You're a scumbag and have no business in the medical field.	1
wrong pronouns,  bigot!  jk jk	1
Oh god. This is gonna get nuked. Reddit won’t like this at all.	1
Now look at the demographics for the most violent counties you dipshits.	1
I knew I was gay when I was 10 years old. Fuck you	1
Telling everyone we should just kill each other so that they can feel like some heroic strongman is worlds shittier.	1
Every time I point out bigotry it gets deleted. This sub is obviously a transphobe circle jerk. There is no point commenting here.	1
Render unto Caesar bitch.	1
Oh my god get off trumps dick. For fucks sake you’ve been riding it since 2016	1
Racist or not, if you call a black man that and don't expect to get punched then you are pretty stupid.	1
nobody gives a fuck about your opinion lmao	1
Ugly ass sorry comedian. Never was even close to funny, just a bitch.	1
You're a dick	1
Follow up question, how the hell did you figure that out? Can you hear the writen word?	1
Only if they stop their parasytical way of life.	1
Hilarious. Its been the worst kept secret in Washington and New York that Trump was abusing adderall for almost 20 years.	1
Stupidity knows no bounds.	1
This woman is so vile.	1
CUCKOLD CARLSON is becoming a real problem	1
Breitbart is kind of like dog shit. If you're around it enough, some will get on you.	1
Can’t even entertain these assholes with a response anymore. Take it down	1
General Kenobi, you piece of shit!	1
No body cares what you asked for ya fuckin chump.. 🤣	1
Imagine unironically thinking the corporatist Democrats give two shits about wealth inequality. Joe “nothing will fundamentally change” Biden would like a word lmao	1
Eww... I mean, who wants to fuck dead people.  Liberals are so gross..	1
just when you thought shit couldn't get any lower effort. this sub is is a fucking joke.	1
He’s sexually abusing you. Leave him, get as far away from him as you can	1
Because the world is shit, and we give them false hope at a younger age to soften them into it.	1
It's funny how ignorance is soo confident..lol	1
god your dumb	1
instead of meeting with refugees, these bigwigs should try to put the effort into finishing it. it's just a show, it's disgusting to watch	1
This really should have been posted in r/NoStupidQuestions because this question is dumb as hell.	1
Because OP is stupid?	1
Gay. This post is gay	1
Some sick fucks and pedophiles hide behind the Pride Flag.   Change my mind.	1
keep your politics to yourself big boy	1
sounds like someone got bullied in school	1
Not even trying to hide the Marxist bullshit anymore.	1
I disagree there’s a huge contingent of dirty cousin fucking republican s masquerading as ancap	1
The mortality rates wouldn't be as high because we'd handle that shit a lot better :)	1
Not really they're just stupid Ukrainians I mean	1
I picked one. I want the truth and not what some fuckin influencer is shoving down your dumbass throat today	1
Let Russia invade who the hell cares what happens in some shithole country 5000 miles away	1
Dumbass non-conspiracy post.  Keep dividing us - we'll only come back stronger.	1
please god fuck no please im begging you i want healthcare	1
Lol you guys really are nutty.  Nobody *loves* abortions.	1
Read my earlier response on 3rd world countries, this whole point makes you an idiot.  These problems only exist when there is prosperity and social safety nets	1
What is malfunctioning in all of your minds here in this sub?	1
What kind of crack do you smoke???	1
cuz bitches be woke these days and it’s only gonna get worse	1
Who among you thinks that rural folks are racist Nazis?	1
I mean, sure, you CAN keep linking garbage articles. Doesn’t mean you’re any more right than you were earlier.	1
Wow, you should fuck completely off.  Dumbest comparison I've ever seen.	1
Good riddance human garbage	1
No gop supports Russia you fucking moron	1
Come on and try bitch	1
just waiting for the world to end  😂😂😂😂😂 u fucking sad loser	1
what we really need is  those little scout drone robots that perfectly map this shit out ahead	1
May the Russians live and progress forever..... Americans are the traitors the Russians are not	1
Hahahahah dumb fuckin fat fuck. Have fun in federal prison you traitorous douche.	1
Yeah, but the scientifically illiterate governor of Florida said masks don't work!    /s because of Poe's Law	1
Yes it is. She was texting Mark Meadows, he ruled to not release the texts.  Your logic is pathetic	1
Are people here deliberately dumb?? You've never heard of a backpack?? Trolley??	1
Dr bogey speaks straight from his ass, he will make a fine politician one day.	1
They aren’t the ones getting shipped American weapons. Fuck off.	1
Good luck repealing a bipartisan effort to fuck you up.	1
Dick King is not the best sounding title, unless you're Jenna Jameson or something I guess.	1
You're a bitch	1
Democrats are still committing genocide and eugenics on the black population.  No I think nothing has changed actually.	1
How is this a conspiracy? Holy fuck this sub is covered in Trumpers and anti-vaxxers.	1
You don’t deserve it dumbass.	1
lol, I'm sorry, did you think I was here to debate your bullshit? Fuck off. Grow up.	1
Bigots: People who don't agree with me.	1
Lol. Fear tactics and gaslighting you is his only platform.	1
"lmaooo   *Americans doing something americanly in america*   ""WHAT ARE WE A BUNCH OF CHINESE PEOPLE?!?!"""	1
Keep licking that boot.	1
You sound idiotic	1
Mods are retarded.	1
Lol shut the fuck up	1
Bring it you little bald fuck.	1
That is genius holy shit, counter flow means no equilibrium is ever gonna be established	1
What a shit show. It is a good thing that I could not possibly care less about these retards.	1
Holy shit for real? Off to make a videos account at 2 am smh	1
Death to the GOP.	1
Rent free in your head	1
You cant be racist against cisracial whites asshole. Imma assume your a mayoid as well?	1
You have defective genes due to incest, not sure why I engaged with you either.	1
You are a liar you are just as bad as the dancing tik tok nurses	1
No not at all.  I just like seeing people get all bent out of shape over bullshit.	1
What in the actual fuck is this?	1
Because he’s a certifiable butthead	1
Why are people asking such stupid questions on here?	1
sports always bored the shit out of me.	1
What is this shitpost? There aren’t even any responses.	1
Mmm i remember my science teacher had the tastiest asshole my freshman year high school. That was the opposite of a divisive concept for me	1
You have commented on like every fucking comment in here.  Get a fucking life retard.	1
Build your own road, retard.	1
Flair the fuck up, retard	1
Sorry for being ignorant and uneducated- but can one put a condom on another who is sleeping and not erect?	1
Yes because of course my emotional reaction to rape is exactly the same as every single human being on earth	1
It was her friend you dimwit! Haven’t u gotten friends who push u past ur bounds?	1
I made 2 good ones and a solid conclusion.   You are annoying and stupid. Fuck off.	1
If our beloved and the Republicans had put some scum in JAIL or in hell where they belong we would not be facing the commies in power.	1
Look at you, a delusional Internet warrior	1
Shes a democrat dumbass	1
You'll keep commenting as long as I want you to and when I'm bored with you I will shut you the fuck right up	1
you’re just too dumb to see you’re wrong	1
This is some elitist bullshit 🙄	1
Jury decides the outcome...stop being idiot.	1
Smash dem stupid truckers	1
You sound like an idiot when you go to insult someone and dont know the difference between your and you're lmao	1
I don’t argue with stupidity. Good day.	1
Way to endorse suicide fucktard. Why don't you start practicing your own advice.	1
Hit the gym, fatty	1
Back in my day we just hit the dumb kids and they went to work in the mines!	1
I think this post is bullshit.	1
Its a hilarious and if you're offended by it you should fuck off, now downvote me you cracker bitch.	1
Yup. You’re wrong. And an easily manipulated idiot.	1
"You guys are so gullible, you'd believe Trump secretly was a vampire and drank socialist blood if an ""ex-staffer"" told you so."	1
>Everyone I know  Good thing you don't actually know everyone. Your anecdotal evidence is shit at best.  Try again.	1
its a large town so probably mass murder or international drug ring.	1
I’m surprised by the amount of shit space force is getting in the comments.   You guys won’t be laughing when the aliens come	1
Lmao this legit cracked me up	1
Much like Kav, Clarence “token” Thomas has no sense of shame.	1
Unions will help all of us. But you r/conservative fucks are to stupid to realize it.	1
Your link is broken. Maybe work on typing before trying to be a cuntbag online.	1
Science says 99% survival rate. What's your covid vax rate? Far less. dumbass	1
I'm sorry but you're dumb.	1
So, We're supposed to let every idiot decide what laws they follow and what laws they don't, based on their own subjective personal opinion?	1
You guys didn't just invade but totally annexed Kuwait you fucking dipshit.  OP is the least retarded Iraqi.	1
Another totally inaccurate post. But gullible people comment on this bs	1
go back to the corner SHITCON	1
stacey abrams is a piece of shit	1
Too old or stupid to figure it out?	1
The Democrat shill cunts are fucking unbearable in this sub rn.    Fuck Democrats and Republicans, they both need sorting out.	1
This is all kinds of massive dumb	1
Holy shit you actually believe everything you read on the Internet lmao. I honestly thought you were being sarcastic at first	1
Ten years suckling for attention on Reddit, of course you ejaculate at the sensation of discourse.	1
Shut the fuck up, bot.	1
I just realized you are from India LMAO bet you are a fucking Dalit as well you fucking actual loser.	1
Because of trump. He didn’t hold himself accountable for anything. The crazies took over the Republican Party and are making us all look bad.	1
This isn't a headline, get with the times dipshit	1
Lol stfu loser	1
Damn too bad	1
Once again Yoko Ono opens her mouth and nonsense flies out…	1
Dude has no problem with his wife cheating on him. But when it comes to jokes from a comedian, he loses his shit.	1
Fuck off mate. No excuse for what she said and the backstory doesn’t make any difference.  Sorry to hear that OP. Stay strong.	1
We need to nuke china !	1
The OP is a troll who never defends his posts. This is a proverbial drive by.     just downvote him into oblivion.	1
the entire, horrified, rest of the world ;)	1
What type sad pathetic life you must have	1
I’m not telling you shit.  Get a warrant!  This is obviously a CIA sting operation.  You are all criminals!!!	1
Yeahhhhhh, we get so many metals from them. That's the real fucking issue.	1
All of her constituents are on government relief and can’t read. They think the bitch is actually representing them.	1
Jesus. That door is closed forever, do not go knocking. You sexually assaulted her.	1
Holy shit this might be big.	1
Don't threaten me with a good time old man...	1
A source of a source within the white house said Drumpfh is going to prison this time! Trust the plan!	1
My governor had a kidnapping plan against her by a group of dumbfucks that probably sounded just like you.	1
Obviously they weren't stealing. Do you realize how many charities fuck up their donations?	1
You sound like such a pansy.	1
Any man that says this should be forcibly sodomized.  And I don’t care if I get banned for saying so.	1
I hope he meets the same fate of his traitor sister.	1
Listen? Only to laugh at her idiocracy.  Stupid is not very attractive, she might as well be a lardass.	1
You don't have to project so hard, pedo.	1
good. Fucker needs to be burned alive and have his body fed to the pigs	1
Are you mentally handicapped by any chance?	1
I can speak Spanish decently well but can't understand shit unless people baby talk to me. They're just really different skills	1
So go to those restaurant then lazy ass	1
You won't fucking do it lmao. You know you're pure bullshit and won't own up to.  Name your sources coward.	1
Says the god damn arab loving terrorist	1
The people who trash women for failing to meet beauty expectations is and always has been other women.	1
So you think that a 23 year old should be unable to get a job or drive a car? That's insane.	1
Bullshit. I very clearly stated that it is intrusive , and I deal with it daily living in Los Angeles.	1
Honestly this is great hopefully she won’t be able to tell the idiotic anti-vaxxers lies anymore	1
Lmao triggered, eat your greens fat person.	1
Yeah you really sound less like a myopic sicko now.	1
There's no reason to change this, it's a disgusting truth	1
Everyone who disagrees with Democrats is a NAZI.	1
You're an idiot	1
Just say it who gives a fuck.	1
You don't see anything wrong with a former American President taking the side of an enemy country?   You're stupid or a plant or both.	1
Lots of protein. I don't eat the shit you poor people eat.	1
"> center left politicians like AOC   lmao you Americans are crazy. AOC isn't ""far left"" but she isn't center left either"	1
She is most certainty a POS… unless you’re a sex offender	1
That’s some evil shit. Republicans deserve to burn in hell.	1
But they fucking were if the mistakes they made led millions dead 😭😭😭😭wtf dude	1
You sound like a fan girl, I bet you’d suck his dick!   FDT	1
Screw twitter.  Screw Facebook.  Lets go Brandon. No sheep shots.	1
Neither do fat people.	1
Ill be happy to kill russians	1
No wonder your brain is so fried.	1
I mean Jews are inferior but look at all the influence they have!	1
Only Texas can handle that level of fat.	1
Fucker wasn't even on the ballot.	1
I'm not gonna make a big deal out of it. but i still stop eating	1
Libertarian checking in: fuck Trump and fuck his mouth breathing, cousin fucking supporters.	1
Wow, dumb and illiterate. Just a typical Republican, nothing to see here.	1
You can do whatever you want but you come across as a fucking loser.	1
You are a liar!	1
Hey dumbasses is likely because Cooper's not bought out	1
Curvy but healthy is super attractive. Being fat is not.	1
No, OP is the idiot.  Republicans are pushing freedom.  Democrats are pushing racism and fascism.	1
I'll probably get banned for this but I wish someone would kneecap his ass...	1
Which one? There's like 50 little trumpanzee fascists running loose in there.	1
I'm just one person, moron.	1
Nice on paper, horrible in reality: Pisces men! A nightmare which becomes your reality.	1
Failed President it looks to me	1
This thread is all cucks	1
What a sad bunch are. Ww3 is coming and you pussies keep talking about something so insignificant as Jan 6. Who raised you? Fucken clowns.	1
Wait a minute....you also posted in reddit meaning you also use reddit meaning you are also...dumb as well.	1
BoTh SiDeS!!! STFU.	1
The hell is up with all the [removed] comments?	1
Your such a whiny b!tch. America doesn’t need a reason. America #1 ! Suck it	1
What the fuck does she know about being president	1
Do you think liberals can't be facist?	1
Go for you feeble jackass.	1
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Awwwwww suck it up	1
Shut your pie hole you poo-c.	1
So many stupid people out there. This is definitely not his only flaw, so I don't even know why you're with him.	1
And a good many, 75 million at least, who like it a lot.  As a non-American, I don't give a shit.	1
$10 golddigger, LOL, not even fool's gold. Glad you dumped him, what a jerk. NTA.	1
u cant fix stupid	1
The only way I’ll suffer is being forced to listen and watch your inbred fascist face and voice.	1
Stop asking dumb questions, troll.	1
Bill Burr can go support whatever country he actually supports because he didn't do shit for the US. Fuck him	1
President uses same language but I’m racist? Hmm	1
No need. You're to stupid. You'd never understand.	1
Because people are assholes. You don't need to eat lobster or other animals so leave them the fuck alone.	1
this fat tub of lard can't hold her breath to fucking sneeze.	1
They fucking worship this B over there	1
Why do democrats insist on teaching that white people are innately racist?	1
Wow you’re dumb	1
You can’t fix stupid and they’re on a “roll” now!	1
Says the guy who attacks a person rather than address the statement. Shut up moron.	1
Exactly because pharma wants more profits. They also want to see if the level of stupid is the same or if people are waking up.	1
He's just as racist as Biden.	1
No one gives a fuck about you, or your friends dead mother either lmao. Such a tragedy.  Anyyywayyys.	1
This old white dude is different from all the other old white dudes, we swear!	1
"He didn't ""instigate violence"" either numb nuts so maybe you should take your own advice?"	1
No I don't think your a bot you're just a paid fascist troll.	1
So people will know who supports murdering babies and drug cartels	1
LinkedIn. I'll start a chat. I'm practically the king of this shit and could probably help you out.	1
For real. We need real shit. Not impotent theatre.	1
Your agent sounds like a cunt.	1
"personally i'm really looking forward to becoming a crab.      i'm gonna be like ""pinch pinch"" motherfucker."	1
no. but you are  you're an uneducated low iq biden worshipper (as if there's any other kind))	1
Stop giving IT press coverage, that's free campaign exposure. Just ignore the ignorant piece of 💩	1
low sun is shitty. low sun reflecting on wet road is shittier - and for that the best solution is polarized sunglasses	1
fuckin hell im not reading all that but im happy for you or im sorry that happened fr	1
He's gonna automate all those truckers jobs away, but apparently y'all will eat up a 3 word tweet and think hell yeah he's our guy	1
You know these...people....don't want to debate, they wanna passive aggressively complain without potential retribution for their stupidity.	1
I hope dehumanizing any humans will be taboo... unless of course, they are enemies of the state, then they deserve to be slaughtered like insects.	1
Wrong again.  Your baseless conspiracy theories are not equal to facts, nor is your uninformed opinion equal to facts.	1
Oh shit , you made a KKk joke because I don’t align with lefty, boot licking, pussy…..You’re  funny	1
Stop it with these stupid preference posts.	1
Snooze. You’re boring me, kid. Good day!	1
Trump got away with treason…	1
Supreme Court doesn't police itself. Sucks.	1
Don’t worry, he has already pledged a brown vagina for the position. Qualifications and fitness for office are antiquated concepts that no longer apply.	1
All liberals should've been aborted they are human garbage period. Spoon fed horseshit from the cradle and they love it.	1
There you go being a moron	1
Haha no. Spring is here.  Russia is a shithole with 3% of the market.  Putin is fucked and the world will move on	1
Will I ever stop being a unpaid internet janitor?	1
The Republicans are actual communist now.	1
Rory Herterich stfu and get off of Reddit.	1
you are mentally retarded racist with no source backing up.	1
Americans are too sensitive.	1
You need a different air mix at certain depths. Amateurs go to deep get nitrogen narcosis and drown from a drunk-like disorientation.	1
First of all, if I owned a convenience store and someone wouldn't leave when I asked, I'd fuck them up.  Problem solved.	1
Glad you’re a bootlicker for the military. God the fucking left has turned into a bunch of fascist, bootlicking pussies.	1
Once again, Trump is spewing what he is full of; horse shite.	1
Oh let me take a look real quick, oh yeah, you're retarded, thanks for letting us now auth bitch	1
I never said that either because that’s equally as dumb	1
How in the fuck was that a political post	1
get the fuck off this sub, troll. you're clearly here to shitpost, i've seen your account	1
Wait... you don't have health insurance?! Oh fuck... care to explain why you can't get your own health insurance?	1
Old lady calls something she doesn't like communism.  Yeah wow real shocker there dude.	1
Lol at the crybabies. A vote is a vote. They don’t need to vote for their party agenda since it sucks cock	1
You sir, are an idiot lol	1
stop fucking posting these stories over and over again i dont give a shit.	1
Fuck Russia. Facebooks a private business, they can do what they want. Didn’t know this subreddit supported big government.	1
A shitload of Muslims support chopping a blasphemers head off.	1
Lol anyone that agrees with the crazy she  vomited is lost. I wish conservatives would realize how misguided the party has become	1
Btw why should a government tell us what morales to have? Should they tell us how to eat drink and shit also?	1
I don’t give a shit, do whatever you want, just leave me the fuck alone.	1
Yeah and they got sued to hell and lost over it, lol.	1
Why do you hate republicans?	1
Great point. I hadn't thought of that, but you're surely right given she clearly hates him and is a garbage person.	1
LMFAO.... Dumb Hood Bitch.....	1
You're pretty stupid lol	1
Sorry, she is nasty to me. Fucking butta face.	1
Self entitled prick with no manners	1
"Simple potato dish! My partner answers to ""potato eating fuck!"" throughout the day."	1
Just fricking beat the shit of these pOlicE.	1
While this thomas guy is a piece of shit, the parents should take a stand.	1
Says the ones who can't just say it and rallied behind a man who started an insurrection. I mean damn, even Pence turned against him.	1
I would tell you to your face your fucking stupid and then I’d go out to get nachos	1
Y'all just need to keep buyin yer big ass diesel trucks	1
I think anyone who is concerned with this crap is a useless failure of a human being.	1
Watch out! We got a bad-ass over here!	1
I like how this implies that Reagan laid the foundation to destroy the nation	1
- Man who voted for a literal fascist	1
did i jusy piss and shitd	1
You really want I pay for read this shit ?	1
I think you might be a lesbian.	1
Amusingly the GOP gives less than a fuck about US Workers too unless it suits their current agenda or it’s close to elections.	1
YOOUU.. Stfu	1
Maybe you shouldn't turn your new country into the shithole you just left.	1
like everything else related to this clown it may look like a joke until you think about the people she infected there.	1
being 30 a-lot of life wasn't even invented yet in the 90s lol  except Motorcycles ,Big Trucks ,& Good ol TITTYS!	1
Because the government thinks we're either too stupid or too untrustworthy to pay it ourselves.	1
Yes: Quit listening to the bullshit you see on Facebook. Grow up.	1
Well he is a nazi... So....	1
Oh fuck off. Doctors don't always fix everything.	1
She is a conspiracy theorist though. She has said some truly fucking insane things. Even mentioning crisis actors. Shes crazy my guy.	1
Hail Libertas. Fuck Putin.	1
Good. She’s a fucking idiot and she’s spreading dangerous nonsense.	1
Sounds like shitty infrastructure and shitty job choices.	1
Disgusting and he is a she btw	1
r/news is nothing but a bunch of leftard asswipes. So are the other subs you listed. Been my same experience.	1
Don the Dick, just another ignorant asshole.	1
Someone get back to me when that asshole is finally charged,please. This is mentally exhausting.	1
There’s been a stupid amount of Putin sympathizing lately. Not sure how much of that has been authentic and how much have been not accounts.	1
That's pretty rich coming from a racist.	1
I’m ready to see the fucktard get a slap on the wrist and be released.	1
Not the left, moderates.  The left knows that there's only one way to deal with fascists.	1
They’re not sacrificing anyone but themselves. If you’re vaxxed why do I need to be	1
Go collect a big bag of dog shit and go home.	1
You’re right, you can’t win rights that you literally already have and have had throughout all of history! This sub is gross	1
The fuck is this…?	1
No, I am your Father you piece of shit	1
Clown!….so sick of this woke agenda….men are men…women are women….and beta males are women too…..	1
Say you’re stupid without saying it…	1
I swear she is retarded	1
Shes literally spreading misinformation, she deserves to be removed	1
No you’re just being a dick lmfao	1
Don’t know where you live but there are plenty of high paying jobs if you’re not a lazy liberal bitch	1
Grow a mohawk and get a tattoo of a bird of prey on your back. Nobody will notice your facial deformity	1
Jeezus you guys are still sucking that man’s peepee. Get a fucking life.	1
Lol you arent righteous or morally superior just because you blindly vote democrat. Yours is a false righteousness. Youre actually just a smug moron.	1
What a miserable piece of shit you are	1
Stfu he wanted to meet her parents to establish better relationships	1
Wow.  Ok.  You are an idiot.  What a waste of time this has been.  Please whatever the fuck you do.... don't.	1
I think that you’re a fucking idiot	1
Stop making a public spectacle of yourself. I really don't fucking care.	1
If your mind is changed on this, you are a moron.	1
Your title, and your post, are nonsense.  Just say you hate the concept of work and be done with it.	1
It fuckes with your genes, and if fucked with in a very certain way one cell will never stop growing.	1
Fuck both of them	1
That movie was straight trash. It is pretty funny listening to Kevin Smith talk about the producer/director	1
Look at how gross and dishonest this turd is. Randomly moves the goalposts and starts arguing.	1
He's out of his mind.	1
This bitch shouldn’t be a cop in the first place.	1
You might wanna double check that dumbass.	1
He didn’t delete his account, he probably blocked you because you hold really absurd racist views.	1
I wanna know how the hell they were so good that they managed 22/02/2022 to land on a Tuesday. Thats some good planning right there!	1
gods, you're dumb	1
You’re an idiot. Captain sassy.	1
SS: China has no distractions, so their only focus is on destroying everyone else's good time.	1
"Probably because it takes any journalist two seconds to realize the ""study"" is crap."	1
Yeah, facebook needs to ban all the bullshit about last year's election and all of the lies about Covid-19.	1
Lol, Donnie Dumbfuck chimes in.	1
You people are so delusional. Good old circlejerk confirmation bias. Live in your little dream world until the end. Sickening.	1
White people this white people that. Shut the fuck up.	1
Yea, and my name is the same too.   Dipshit	1
Lol seems like y’all liberals are butt hurt that he did better then Biden 😂	1
16 year old gonna go to prison and get his ass raped. His money will do a lot of good then.	1
Hope someone kills this kid then calls his parents and says he kill that kid.	1
This person u/itsalwaysfork is mentally I’ll and has sex with dogs.	1
Your right, this sub is shit.   ‘Why do my eyes hurt when shit gets in them’   Enjoy moderating such riveting material!	1
I can't believe this magat was able to gun down 3 black people and get away with it. I'm literally shaking	1
SS:  Howard Stern needs these asskickings.	1
Nice. Next step allow steroids. I'm steroid sexual and you a bigot if you tell me no.	1
Cut it out with this fear-mongering bullshit	1
“Do you have the time, to listen to me whine…”	1
🤣 I mean..better that than the kid fuckers at CNN	1
But you trust the ppl that actually did it? Hypocrite.	1
Answer the question, or fuck off and do some heartfelt self de-tribalizing.	1
When the president speaks, PEOPLE NEED TO SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP. Anyone who disrespects a sitting president needs to be shot	1
You're a liar and you intentionally try to distort reality.  That's why I'm done with you.	1
Fucking clown.	1
Fuck your momma OP, trying to take away our fun because of some people who abuse it.	1
You sound like a mental patient as well. Brainwashed CNN fake news type. We can check into the asylum together	1
lol ok buddy. sociopath for letting people live their lives as they wish and not caring if other people are bhurt😂	1
I wish your mom can see how you act on the internet lol she would be ashamed her bastard son a racist shit.	1
Just popped up on my feed in search and saw a lot of liberal dumbassery going on just like most of Reddit	1
You are a piece of shit	1
I just don’t get why getting vaccinated or other stupid shit has to be political lmao	1
Cry some more, it’s Reddit I could give a fuck what you think	1
Cause I hate cheaters, and it pisses me off for all those people sympathizing with a ho and her stupid boyfriend.	1
They say with no sense of irony!!!! It means freedom ain’t gonna improve ya gronk	1
We can play that game if you want, but my list will be greater than yours.   https://thedailyedge.substack.com/p/gop-gang-of-pedophiles	1
Because it triggers them, therefore it's bad.   (Let's go Brandon. Drumpf. Orange man bad. Hitler. Abortion.)	1
You talk about some stupid shit. Go read a book you twat	1
Is that even a question? Like, with the commies it's a bit of a problem, but who the fuck would listen to those retards?	1
May the force be with you, you piece of shit	1
Lol, slippery slope fallacy right in a headline. You dipshits are all emotional babies	1
Because capitalism is trash	1
Nah because you’re a pussy little bitch too	1
Another indoctrinated fool liberal. Funny how the so called educated left is so easily brainwashed	1
Idk what this means and I don't care suck my dick	1
You're retarded	1
Somebody needs to go get that dickhead.	1
Get out asap.  These fascists want war.	1
Great rebuttal pervert.	1
Republicans have been playing dirty just as long. You ever looks at some districts in conservative areas? The gerrymandering is super blatant.	1
Guess I’m a bigot then cuz ain’t no fuckin way	1
Try it motherfucker, I’d love to see what happens	1
I shitted my pants	1
Damn. You dumb.	1
Chris Rock talks shit about black women’s hair and how we wear weave idc I’m glad he got smacked up. 🤷🏽‍♀️	1
You're a bit of a sarcastic bugger aren't you	1
That’s all it’s about is it. Our entire politics and national security reduced to a pissing contest between Democrats and republicans	1
Russia annexed Crimea during Obama Biden administration and then Russia invades Ukraine under Bidens administration. Republicans fault. Deranged.	1
Keep my phone gallery secrets out your fucking MOUTH	1
Man, you're dumb as fuck. No wonder a regan conservative	1
Really immature take honestly. The two are not mutually exclusive.	1
Man, what a bunch of snowflakes in this thread. Conservatives are such betas now.	1
Fuck this sub dumb as hell.	1
Fuck you, get flaired	1
Boebert is everything wrong with politics. Atleast Pelosi is going to kick the bucket soon. Boebert and Greene are just the worst.	1
Who the fuck would argue with this? This isn't a CMV.	1
Women of reddit, how large is your cock?	1
No it doesn’t moron. I think I should know being in big pharma for over 20 yrs. you get natural antibodies from getting Covid.	1
Touch grass, fella. This is a very conspiratorial mindset.	1
😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆pulling at strings aren’t you. You really are useless. Obama 2014, go read up.	1
How about we see his college scores to see if he is qualified to run his clown show.	1
"Lol don't you have to go and some ""therapist""? You clown"	1
The greater good, kinda the sucker bet these days.	1
His endorsement is less than worthless in Illinois.	1
Hmm almost like it's our interest to keep pumping bullshit into the air...	1
At least you acknowledge you’re Democrat and a hitler sympathizer	1
Against,  as Kyle is a baby nazi	1
Wow you’re really defensive and boring	1
Bcs its a stupid and impossible comparison	1
That's fine. I'll stick with confirmed facts and forgo conspiracy theories feed by the same MSM mediums that fell for the piss dossier.	1
Op is a retard	1
You are so *disgustingly* ignorant.	1
This shit here is why office work isn't for me	1
Flair up you stinky poopy head 😡🤬	1
Neither of these stop you from being successful. You really are homophobic as fuck. You think being gay prevents success? Fuck off idiot.	1
She mad ugly	1
Picky eaters are all little children and should be executed. Picky eaters are worse than child rapists and white supremacists and should be publicly tortured because of it	1
Get lost, deadbeat. You’ve already been outed.	1
You are a heinous monster. FUCK YOU	1
CRT = anti white hatred  &#x200B;  fixed it for ya	1
I like Rogan, but he is giving platforms to absolute fucking whackjob that claim to be medical professionals.	1
They don't get robbed or shot at as often  But we can fix that	1
Well even though we're assholes.... we love you women	1
"I'm shocked, shocked that ""I've got mine, FUCK YOU"" is not a viable political and economic philosophy!"	1
You sound like an absolute garbage neighbor. You even mentioned not liking kids using sidewalk chalk like some sort of shitty neighbor.	1
Yeah you’re probably a fat commie lol	1
The View! And this crap hits my front page!? lmfao   I know it's mostly bots but still, /r/politics how embarrassing...	1
That’s racist.	1
Cultural Marxism isn't a thing you weird fuck.	1
LOL, anyone that questions the Democrat program is always a Russian asset or Nazi. This shits old, and frankly boring, man.	1
How about you guys actually read the bill, if you’re against it you’re with pedophilia	1
Nobody asked for your input	0
Ok, this makes no sense. This will create vigilantes. And I hope they take care of this uncontrollable person before he hurts anyone else	0
so true. the amount of up and coming rappers that are shot dead or od is is so sad.	0
Republicans put us in this situation. I would want to defund the police.	0
That's not a smart take. People want to do things.	0
no	0
This is really off-putting.  People not able to compete even in the 3rd men league getting paid twice as much.	0
Wow you don't know anything	0
Have my suspicions.	0
Not really. Unlike you lot my actions are never racist.	0
Girl stop	0
One year later and people are still upset about it. We have to pretend this president is better.	0
Can you quote him on where he shamed anyone?	0
That is great!	0
How does a blue bird even know it's a blue bird and not a cardinal or a goose or a bear	0
You are attracted to strange men.	0
Nah, but I have stuff to do so you can go away if you aren't satisfied that I haven't read the whole thing yet.	0
So that absolves Republicans from sucking up to Putin right now? Lol	0
Yeah you took someone else’s content and tried to benefit from it.	0
So long as it isn't Candace Owens. That particular black woman doesn't represent all black women.	0
You have to be malicious to believe that.	0
That's an unintelligent comment, you should research this more	0
Good lord you people don't use your brain	0
You are gullible and divided yourselves, voluntarily, based on comfortable mistruths and confirmation bias. You can keep crying.	0
George Takai is prejudiced against races	0
Time for guns to get banned	0
I wouldn't want to work somewhere knowing I could be killed.	0
Religious morals are valueless. I hope it goes away soon.	0
Its literally what this sub is for? Are you guys okay	0
Typical cop out.	0
They should all get in trouble for sedition.	0
You are being unintelligent	0
Racism and all apologists are horrible	0
You are being delusional. You know that right....right	0
What?   Regardless, nice trick. Mom is alive!	0
I'm not American	0
He loved trump he played him.	0
Your kid was having fun joking around and you were being harsh.	0
You are republican only in name. You should join the democrat party.	0
We've never kept our condiments in the fridge. Why would I want to dip my food into cold ketchup?	0
Yeah, no. And for that go away.	0
This is a bad take. Here, have a downvote.	0
I can't believe the amount of women on this thread right now	0
To be fair, he's a bit more coherent than the Tangerine	0
When you whine about equality and now get it.	0
OP won't respond to you because he's only here to cause problems	0
Do you think 81 million voters will switch to whoever the GOP picks as their new candidate?	0
I feel pity for all of you	0
Yeah.     Cause a hundred year old “comedian”  Knows about science?!?  You are not as smart as you look	0
Voting by mail is inefficient.	0
Tucker Carlson is such a bad person	0
Did I try to define it? For a site called reddit a lot of you don't have the best reading comprehension.	0
This is sad, of course children behave like this.	0
You know that being unreasonable does not make you intelligent	0
Buy your brains instead!	0
Yeah but he's all around unintelligent, so it's hard to distinguish his antics.	0
One of the worst? Who even comes close to this guy?	0
The answers are pretty boring to this boring question.  Eyes don’t like things in them…. Need further explanation?	0
iHealth lmfao. Tell me again China isn’t one big nation of counterfeit stuff	0
These people are not in their right minds! It's like somebody left the door open at the Kuku nest, and they all went to DC	0
Also sounds like autocracy	0
im sure your democrat liberal self will tell me	0
"I should have said ""obligated""."	0
Tucker Carlson does a lot of racist things.	0
With that comment alone just proves how misinformed you are.	0
in 2012 Mitt Romney declared Russia was America's number one geopolitical foe and democrats laughed for months	0
Do you side with Putin?	0
This guy is shockingly ignorant	0
Reagan's gaffes were kinda funny. He couldn't recognize his own cabinet members or remember his own dog's name.	0
No. If you play by their rules they can change them. Don't play their games. Destroy them	0
Don't pretend like you care about this white girl.	0
Replace them with drag Queens that do whatever Fauci says. That’ll show China and Russia what’s up!	0
YTA and you’re acting like a child.	0
Indeed lmao this sub gets worse and worse by the day	0
Let's move on. She is too much into conspiracy theories.	0
Holy moly this sub is gross	0
What are other solutions to what Chavin did?	0
Truthfully, most of us were relieved to stop listening to his incessant comments. Time to move on.	0
Oh joy can’t wait for all of you irrational people to misunderstand this science too. 🙄	0
Never mind. Reading through your comments I can see you're either an ideologue or have no idea about anything. Good bye.	0
I have a master's degree.	0
You know women aren't responsbile for your feelings?	0
Ah alright, I’m following y’all I’m in too 😩	0
It's somewhat fun and very easy to watch you all get so upset when confronted with reality.	0
She’s an ugly girl who care about her weight or age?	0
We unfortunately can't control individuals' views and beliefs, so it's better off if your nonconfrontational hubby stays nonconfrontational.	0
Hes a terrorist who is still free. He will be on everyones mind until someone kills him or his heart kills him.	0
Yeah this is what phone addiction does. That stuff really doesn't matter though.	0
Im so sick of big government and all of this stuff. We need a worldwide revolution	0
You could get covid and give it to people you care about.	0
that guy is messy	0
"That was actually Biden. Also he said, ""if you ain't with me you ain't black""."	0
All this talking back towards those who don't have a 4 year degree.	0
That's nonsense.	0
You closed the post because I was “unwilling to change my view”  Mods here are not great	0
It is extremely racist and sexist.  This place is a black hole full of racist and sexist people, so it's applauded.	0
How many people have to die because of this?	0
You're not even suggesting which one to use - standard or daylight savings.  So this post is not good.	0
That's a warped thought. There's something wrong in the head with you lol.	0
Do you have any sources? Or is it just another day of spewing unverified fake news	0
Oh satire is really boring. Just say what you mean, this is tiring	0
OP is absolutely unbearable	0
Republicans are the worst fighters… they just run and leave you to fend for yourself	0
Tbh I think CNBC is a trillion times worse.	0
You could have just shorted the title to: Tucker Carlson is being racist.	0
Kid deserves it, he's rude, and you are too.  this sub only has angry teenagers.	0
That is what bad people always say after they get called on their lies. You trying to be Donald Trumo jr?	0
The left acts authoratarian my guy wake up	0
Kick Putin, you break Trump's teeth...	0
Doesn't matter. Covid is fake anyway	0
"You don't have to say ""insert your comment here"". It is redundant."	0
They say that Twitter actually hosts the most child pornography on the internet.	0
Thank you for being able to deal with ppl so well. Some ppl are foolish!	0
/s? Or are you just not thinking?	0
State of the Union is next week	0
We put lots of resources into Israel. You're being way too sycophantic towards Israel	0
For a generation that witnessed firsthand 9/11, for you to call that a terrorist attack is messed up.	0
what are you talking about? You are the insecure one lmao	0
Because I’m saying that she’s being racist. I’m contrasting me vs her.	0
Then you're awful. Kthx.	0
Keep debating a point that nobody is making.	0
Wow, and you have the nerve to complain that progressives are divisive because we have ideals. You're divisive because you're rude and arrogant.	0
No, you are being racist.	0
Hello there you	0
That's literally what you said.	0
That baby didn't do anything to deserve that, never forget it.	0
Nice comeback.	0
They're already doing all sorts of stuff in the streets. I live in downtown ottawa.	0
That's literally begging to be caught by the cops lmao.	0
The guy crying the loudest is the one who never did and never would sign up to serve his country.	0
Yep my Karma is going way down 😆 and my pain loving self is loving it 🤪	0
You have just radicalized yourself silly!	0
All of these <1 month accounts with their opinions.	0
But its okay for them to push their views on others.	0
This literally makes no sense. But then again, I don't expect anything less.	0
Olly used to make an awesome energy gummy and it had methyl cobalamin now it’s awful with cyanocobalamin.	0
What a misinformed person	0
Just when you think liberals could be smarter...	0
Keep doing what you're doing	0
Please go away, I got gains to make.	0
TIL a woman with higher melanin is an extraordinary qualification.	0
No that's not like it at all. Any person probably gonna say that having three or four different partner is sleazy..	0
100%. He never asked for ACB's, or Kavenaughs, Gorseichs. Tucker is being very racist here.	0
Now here's something really unbelievable: pharmacists have 12 hour shifts and  aren't allowed to take meal breaks.	0
Our gov can't even be bothered to spend a dime on infrastructure.	0
You're the one that looks through my post history while I didn't care	0
It's obvious you support the oligarch Putin and his autocratic regime. So I will say this politely.  Please go away	0
Did you know suicide is 75% male? It's not always beers and backslaps. Best wishes.	0
"I don't think there was anything wrong with ""Washington Redskins"" or ""Jeep Cherokee"" or ""Aunt Jemima"" but here we are."	0
You don't have a profile.	0
You need to be quiet	0
This sub is really is very strange now	0
You're slow	0
it puts it right in focus as preventing good policy.  question is, are you willing to follow that?	0
He didn't have the vaccine but he not only survived he's actually doing really well, so it worked for him.	0
They are trying to shove their agenda onto us.	0
You should have no issues.	0
What is this? “ReTruths”? That is so cringe	0
Why do you keep posting these fake pictures ? Why are you desperatly trying to support Putin?	0
I have a life, unlike some people who wait for a response.	0
Well, she does what her bosses say.	0
Yeah blame the people for calling out his mistruths and bosh. LMAO!	0
People who idolize Rittenhouse are scary.	0
Dems and RINOs aren't trying to overthrow valid elections. It would do you good to brush up on definitions.	0
Saying enough women cheat is so wrong man	0
Come on dude, being skinny and 6'3 makes you above average	0
Shhh. No logic is allowed in this sub. You’ll upset people here!	0
Wow ur not acting very smart.	0
But neither know what they're talking about, so my comparison is for effect. Don't get pedantic with me boy.	0
So. Those Russians deserve it	0
I don't think you're being silly. How else do you know if you don't ask?	0
We used to have people try to attack politicians all the time. No one wants to be a hero and attack this one? Really?	0
Please. People in this sub love the cops.	0
I hope he leaves you. You are at fault.	0
That's so wrong.	0
This is all fake!	0
Being overweight harms your children	0
Actually, when people use terms like always when describing generalities, it is pretty narrow minded.	0
Disagree, the girlfriend cheated on his son multiple times just because his son is not acting maturely doesn't mean the grandparent has to act immature.	0
You can not be this ignorant, either you're very young or the most unknowedgable person	0
Putinists are off base.	0
Yes you do. And everyone is calling you out.	0
It was true WHEN he said it. Putin did not enter Ukraine when he president.	0
The sheer irony of a conservative saying that sentence is wild.	0
He's got a pretty good record of taking care of deserving people.   I'm sure the Ukrainians could use him.	0
That you op. I wasn't a fan of her.	0
She could, that’s why the GOP should run a black person. People would eat that up.	0
What a guy	0
Musk and his teslas are awful. Car culture and car dependency stinks no matter electric or not	0
Who cares? Trump is incompetent	0
She's a pickme.	0
So, is gerrymandering good or bad?  You need to pick a lane.  The ends justifying the means leads to nowhere.	0
People that sexually assault children should get executed. There is no coming back from that.	0
This is so tired an boring. Orange man bad. Blah blag blah	0
The Biden administration has its struggles.	0
Your mom is politicizing everything.	0
Oh my you're slow	0
Congratulations on your pointless retort. You sound special, but not in a positive way	0
ridiculous - all of it	0
please divorce this guy, reading this post and your comments, you sound really exhausting... poor guy.. jeez....he needs to find better	0
How is he a turncoat?	0
This is neither humorous nor political. Stop.	0
70 million of you did vote for trump so him thinking Americans are misinformed is true.	0
You're a blind Trump supporter OP. Your opinions are invalid	0
Takes racist actions to know racist actions	0
Trump is crushing on Vlad. LOL!	0
Name ONE that American taxpayer dollars are arming	0
You're naive or not very smart or both if you really think that.	0
That seems like anger issues. I don't think it's normal to get that angry over a game.	0
Essentially it all boils down to pageantry and extra stuff. Its the same stuff. Just a different paint job.	0
Renamed flu	0
You can stay mad	0
Cancel Him! Cancel Him! He is being racist!	0
You shouldn't even try that. Even if it did, are you homophobic?	0
I need a picture of this.	0
Take your meds and stop visiting /conspiracy and /conservative  I'm completely serious, by the way.	0
Same reason we sometimes flush twice? (or more). Sometimes poop just doesn't clear the first time.	0
What makes somebody conservative enough to engage with people in a conservative subreddit?  It's an echo chamber.	0
You're not very smart lol	0
Stop being so condescending and such a partisan	0
Oh I thought you meant the researchers are also bad at diversity,which they really are.	0
YTA you just sound like you're miserable and make everyone else miserable too	0
It doesn't matter. They even got McConnell to filibuster his own bill. We're doomed.	0
Why are you so passionate about other men's private parts?	0
Hey Elon call Taiwan a country. You're on China's side if you don't.	0
In French it is pronounced doob la vee.  Obviously not spelled like that but my French is not good!  Tabarnak!	0
I can’t believe you come on this subreddit actually believe stupid stuff like this	0
No, because black coffee is a description..so you're saying cursing black people shouldn't be racist?	0
Ah, the theater of people posting on r/conspiracy.	0
You don't use your thinking and your ideology is wrong	0
Exactly, you're artless. When you get older, you'll be just like them.	0
The company tested them, 42 white people found positive 0 black people	0
Come on it's really hard to tolerate you	0
Pre-Covid Liberals: My body, my choice! Black Lives Matter! Post-Covid Liberals: Anti-vaxxer rights don't matter!	0
"Even that word has lost its meaning, especially now that everyone is being called a ""white supremacist""."	0
Do you have any actual source or are you just repeating what you heard? Bless your heart.	0
They WILL PLAN THEIR REVENGE	0
Talking about gender and identity to kids might confuse them.	0
You and your needle can go away. People aren't slabs of meat to have needles in them left and right.	0
Too bad the vaxx didn’t give you enough protection	0
shrooms helped me figure out things I didn't even know was wrong, im happy this helped you, here's to the future!	0
He got that way because he drank on spring break and his buddy wrecked in a car injuring him	0
Have you ever reconsidered your sexual orientation?	0
This doesn't matter to me.	0
Redditors are calling for ethnic cleansing of Russians. They need to apologize.	0
You are being unintelligent.	0
Joe: “You son of a gun, I’m in”	0
Just saying... their credibility is bad	0
You are an inhuman being.	0
You are acting unintelligent. Unintelligent people belong to the right.	0
Oh I forgot people have to be 100% behind everything their side believes in… no other opinions!	0
From an outside perspective it sounds like you got banned for your improper comments rather than being politically incorrect.	0
That was a complete sentence.	0
No way people are this off base.	0
I actually know several police officers, who have actually placed themselves in danger to protect people multiple times.	0
>You lost your credibility by calling Russia fascists.  No, actually you just lost yours. Enjoy your ban, bot.	0
How is that illegal? ATP I think you're just trying to troll so please stop.	0
Pronoun debate for trans ppl... I say just choose he or she.... I think its not that complicated...  Covid   Biden/Harris   Vegans  Taylor Swift   Cardi b.	0
yeah, and that's messed up.  like, does that make y'all feel good inside?	0
Yeah so you're punishing your daughter for your FIL being unreasonable? How does that make sense man, put your self-importance aside	0
The French figured out how to deal with it in 1789	0
You're out of your mind	0
Posted to r/conservative; supporters of literal insurrectionists on Jan 6, 2021. But yes, the Democrats are the fascists.	0
you self-owned and now you are embarrassing yourself	0
You really need to stop posting 24/7. Everyone thinks you're either a troll or are just concerning.	0
It's all about the $$$. I'm with you OP, they're basically just telling you to curry favor with them.	0
Nobody will know who you are in 200 years so you might as well not exist.	0
Can you imagine being as slow as her?	0
Boy, you've got some stuff to figure out.	0
If they mess up on the job, they get demoted to “Unspecial Agent, not in charge of anything”	0
You are being unintelligent.	0
I can easily afford gas. You may need a better job, a more fuel efficient car or maybe both.	0
And yet you're on reddit.	0
No, you're just on the wrong side of history with your backwards beliefs and brainwashing.	0
Almost guaranteed it mentioned vaccines. the media is unbelievable. All of it. All sides. It all needs to be cleansed.	0
This has to be a joke.	0
I've never seen a less intellectual environment.	0
Pointless establishment post	0
Read between the lines. Also, if he outright said “suicidal” his post would be immediately removed.	0
You don't think the right has shifted at all?	0
I have one of those waterfall bathroom faucets and it splashed SO excessively. Looks cool tho	0
I don't want to pick between these two options.	0
That is unfortunate.	0
Please be silent. You can go argue for child abuse somewheere else	0
im sick of people being so sensitive	0
If these are not truths, y'all are doing a pretty good job helping us believe them	0
You could get more working in a warehouse.	0
I don't think anyone should listen to you.	0
yeah I enjoy when people fall for ironic meme bait ; but that would hurt the narrative of your intelligence	0
I’m not even pro Tomas	0
Can’t 25A Joe because he had a bad press conference. Calm down.	0
Why should he not be lazy then?	0
Any man who supports women’s rights is equally hallucinatory. They don’t deserve rights.	0
I’d actually love to see an AI with both voice and listening capabilities be programmed to waste their time talking them in circles.	0
Of course trump did the same thing except say we have any moral obligation to do anything	0
Joe Biden is the worst	0
What in the race realism is this?	0
That's not intellectual.	0
Why do girls like guys who abuse them and treat them so badly?	0
Congressional ethics aside, I think it's pretty neat that he figured out how to buy stocks	0
Remember the Ted Cruz porn incident?	0
Better make sure he doesn't dislike Howl's Moving Castle.	0
"Calling immigrants coming into our country an ""invasion"" is racism."	0
Are we not gonna mention that magic Johnson is just as bad as all these politicians?	0
This sub is not intellectual	0
Just look at the other things they worship...like cows.	0
That's correct. Don't let them fool you. There is nothing conservative about suspending the Constitution.	0
BLM, mainstream media, this sub, etc. Don't comment on black-on-black crime.	0
Not trying to change your view, just came here to say you're rude.	0
People on the internet sharing opinions that are different than yours? It happens.	0
It already happened didn't it?	0
I eat hamburgers all day	0
How does Kyle fall under the definition of a terrorist? Was the guy trying to kill him also a terrorist?	0
No I think they don't wanna wear masks because they're not smart, same with the vaccines	0
Seriously read something before saying a stuff. Learning reduces ignorance ya know.	0
It sounds like your actions can be difficult to handle sometimes.	0
👌 then you can kindly leave mate.	0
"LOL, ""not enough evidence to support a positive claim"" does not equal ""enough evidence to make a negative claim"""	0
That's the most backward mindset i've ever seen	0
For reals? You make fun of people and children saying they have diseases just because of how they look. So stop talking.	0
I bet his raps are fire, yo...... typical Wakanda stuff.	0
It's my opinion that males should not be competeing against females.	0
There's really no need to type this out. It's self-evident. You're dealing with someone who doesn't want to listen; don't bother.	0
She's terrible, and so is everyone who voted for her.	0
Stop sexualizing kids	0
Here’s hoping your business fails, you bad person.	0
Jeez why did I get pinged about this filthy subreddit?	0
It's too early in the morning for this.	0
People would get mad if I said a racial slur.	0
You're not interesting	0
That is disgusting.	0
Gimme a real study, the atlantic is nothing	0
It's not though	0
I’m tired of paying for peoples' insulin and constant doctors appointments. Some people just cost taxpayers infinite money	0
This sounds about right.	0
TIL he is probably self-absorbed	0
What are you talking about? How is this relevant? Say something else. This is fun	0
I am not a violent person but would watch real time if they paid for the crimes against humanity	0
There are no debating nazis	0
What? Russians are losing McDonalds. Ukrainians are losing their homes because of the invasion. This subreddit doesn't think at all	0
Wow your generation is just wasting resources. Like seriously, you can just google it.	0
If you know a republican, you know a far-right anti-American	0
superhero movies are bad in general. unless you're eleven yours old.	0
Well, there's definitely parts of Illinois that have a lot of violence.	0
The mods are not great	0
Again, this is incredibly sad. The vaccine does not contain the virus.	0
Then you'll just complain when Dems win by even more	0
Defund YouTube? Don't you use serious?	0
So you just sit here and make stuff up?	0
No, stop blaming the wrong person in conflicts, stop being wrong	0
Huh? Biden is our president and he talked just last night about increasing corporate welfare. As Trump supporters, you are oblivious to this.	0
You're the one who moved it to a different topic.	0
Im starting to think this isnt r/politics and is more like r/DemocratCesspool	0
Please go away. Tired of people like you thinking everything has a hidden plan. Sometimes things are actually as they appear.	0
Which was incorrect you pedantic person	0
In fairness sometimes he probably also supports Michelle too.	0
Fake and ridiculous	0
I don't expect you to understand	0
I’m so sad and scared for young women. I can’t imagine being exposed to this stuff when I was young 😞	0
Trump is involved with Putin thats why	0
Everyone who disagrees with Democrats is bad.	0
He doesn't owe him anything. His son married someone who cheated on him to bandaid the relationship	0
He's slow to understand.	0
Never been here, does everyone hate trump in this sub? Serious question	0
I love when people like this get upset.	0
You lack human qualities	0
So you agree?	0
That guy is the worst. I'm glad he's gone.	0
We need a mod to step in here so we can get rid of misinformation.	0
Or you're just unable to articulate your issue in a non-bigoted way.	0
Are you a bot?	0
he's the worst	0
On the streets they put these awful led streetlamps on, I have to flip my sun visor down because they are blinding.	0
She is treasonous.	0
Wow you really don't think much	0
All because they don't want pre-k through third grade taught about LGBT lifestyle/issues. The people supporting are groomers. Florida is doing the right thing.	0
"I think the word ""cis"" is overused."	0
Keep doing what you're doing.	0
Your very 1st sentence makes you sound strange. Not because you’re immunocompromised and wear a mask.	0
You ever ask a spider for their silk? They get touchy about it.	0
There's no changing your view dude, you're stuck in your ways	0
Oh, you don't understand, eh?	0
I was hoping for more disgruntled people ranting about degeneracy in the comments.	0
Okay.	0
You are not very wise if you think that	0
Matt Gaetz is under trial for child sex trafficking.	0
And now the fake revolutionaries who doubted socialists could win in free democratic elections are suddenly real quiet 🤫🤫😂	0
Texting is lame, go outside.	0
Keep eating vanilla, here is where it comes from:	0
He understands what my aim is.	0
"Being turned off by your ""wife"" responsibly planning out the financial logistics of pregnancy, birth, and child rearing is some next level clown stuff"	0
You are supporting black artists. She's wrong. I got news for her, almost all music listened to today	0
Ukrainians are the problem	0
Bake the cake, you all.	0
There are good ppl in even the worst pplaces. Your comment is uninformed and only serves to divide	0
There is no investigation.	0
It's racist. Anyone suggesting otherwise is a racist	0
She’s one of those people that support Russia because she thinks they are still communist i think.	0
They deserve that.	0
And now we’re stuck with this President	0
OP's ability to cope vanishes like tears in rain...	0
Must be tough to be so unintelligent	0
everyone here has interesting views. keep fighting the good fight	0
You're treasonous.	0
Or maybe all of you just are not being smart lol	0
Point me to a scholarly article instead of some random website and maybe I’ll take your post seriously.	0
What a sad boy.	0
What is going on? A Supreme Court judge's wife is an outspoken Trump supporter? That doesn't seem right.	0
This might be the most unintelligent thing I have heard lately.	0
YOU ARE BEING A HYPOCRITE AND UNTRUTHFUL!	0
Keep LARPing statist	0
The GOP do not take women into consideration, even GOP women.	0
Yes. It us. Tough. We are not the world police	0
Dude, Trump was sucking up to Putin lol.	0
stop talking please, you people are so frustrating	0
You're being obtuse	0
This guy has got to go.	0
You are like all other Leftist idiots	0
If the antivaxers stop farming and driving trucks we would all starve to death.	0
Hiroshima gets deleted for the second time	0
History tops you.	0
The Outrage Cycle with faux outrages being published at a rate of 2x above what Trump says.	0
TIL you're ridiculous	0
The Democrats are awful. No student loan forgiveness No judicial reform No Marijuana decriminalization No voter protection No abortion rights protection WHAT DID WE VOTE FOR!	0
Flair up	0
It seems like you put your kid in that position. I'm empathetic for your child.	0
Because hospitals don't make that much money... ... ... ... ... ... ...nope I can't keep a straight face with that kind of statement, man	0
What part is out of context?	0
False narratives are not smart	0
Hey, what happened to thou shall not kill?	0
THE WHOLE INTERNET IS YOUR HOMEGROUND	0
Who eats salt? Sure I use a small amount in cooking but I dint eat salt. Pretty sure you should see a doctor ASAP!	0
Unfortunately his democratic beliefs makes him think even Bill Clinton should have been impeached after all	0
No, but that doesn't mean that we haven't created horrible first world problems and shouldn't fix them.	0
Was she armed?	0
Because NATO is the single largest military alliance in history. If they are in NATO and Russia invades Russia will be done for	0
Yea I'm sure you have. You also totally don't sound like a right-winger.	0
remember when kids needed a chicken pox vaccine too? Is that fascist?	0
LOL, all of you in this thread... mess around and find out!	0
Anyone who believes cuttting oil supply doesn't affect gas prices is not being intelligent	0
That's a teacher that would get a beat down if that were my kid.	0
Just stay to the right!	0
You are being quite pitiful	0
How could anyone compare failure Trudeau to based Adolf?	0
Nobody is upset, they are just challenging bad behavior.	0
Oh you're quite overweight	0
You're not being very smart.	0
Actually, Iraq war surplus was sold to Afghan security forces. They dropped and ran.	0
Lmfao you need to check your squatting form?!	0
Objectively itis. We beat smallpox and polio, but we are too weak to beat this.	0
YTA and inconsiderate self-centered person.  One day the convenience of going to your local comic shop will stop because of people like you	0
You can ban me, you all do not think at all and it hurts to see this subreddit appear on my feed.	0
The bill actually blocks teachers from discussing gender identity to students kindergarten through third grade.	0
You guys still mad?	0
I wonder how OP feels that he’s like “Biden stinks” and then the Internet replies “stop, dweeb”	0
Do you drink waters? There's more than one water. It's. Just. Math. You are quite backwards	0
You are being unintelligent.	0
Again, not mine, or many view points at all. You and I also agreed that the media is bad. So why quote it?	0
Just here to for the fragile people having a mental breakdown over a cartoon mouse wearing a different outfit lmao	0
Lol, thanks. You must real be fun at parties. Your not very charismatic.	0
To me openly admitting you are conservative is cringe.	0
Too bad they couldn't and wouldn't do that in 2020 after the stolen Presidential Election.	0
Because they are horrible people with no consideration for anyone other than themselves. I don't like them.	0
That one scene in bone tomahawk really bothered me when I first saw it.	0
"And he says, ""you're cheating""."	0
You should go outside more. This is not healthy	0
Candace Owens is such an intolerable person.	0
Hey! Shut up, you unflaired user.	0
Has been a tool for the US military from the beginning	0
I love Reddit	0
Trump's pretty unintelligent.	0
You're really clutching your pearls here	0
Don't tell people what to do	0
Don't kid yourself. You have no value to me.	0
Yes but Ukrainians are the only one America is sending weapons to	0
Starlink from God King Elon	0
"The point is, it's not even close to ""almost every time""...there are so many sex offenders on both sides."	0
Stacy eat a Snickers, your not you when your hungry.......oh no you ate all the Snickers.	0
I've listened to him. He's not it.	0
Wow there are a bunch of misinformed people in this subreddit.	0
Omg it's embarrassing how much you buy into the MAGA stuff	0
r/Bigfoot too! 😂😂😂 I kid you not!	0
If you have nothing better to say to change my view, just don't say anything.	0
The government shouldn't make people choose between being able to pay their bills or get a vaccine.	0
That's not ok. Every republican I know thinks Putin is bad and should be charged as a war criminal.	0
Funny how Biden canceled Trump’s insulin cap when he took office, thats contradictory	0
Cry about it elsewhere. Your actions are due to anger.	0
How is it the Nazi death camps got so much coverage while THIS is pretty much never discussed in the West?	0
It's legal though. Also your take is completely wrong	0
Lol you don't see it's real. Not everywhere has that system tho.	0
Why do some people not care if someone is acting racist?	0
The adds I see feature some ridiculous-looking knight, water, lava, gold, and sometimes a giant monster. Is that not the game?	0
No smart person things giving up your right to own a firearm is a good idea. Liberals are cowards	0
Who is the woman in the end of the video saying that we had the gay president?	0
Lol all these comments about “constraints” are so pointless. The real reason is because your company wants a two week interest free loan.	0
Liberals act like they're not racist but they can be racist too.	0
NTA. Im sorry for your loss. Any family who attacks you for this is not a family worth having. Ignore her and ignore them	0
That's why you're not understanding.	0
Trump betrayed	0
Being anti human rights isn't a view.	0
I can't believe daytime TV drama is being upvoted as serious journalism.	0
You just seem like you are really unpleasant tbh	0
I was kidding I just know it gets you guys going when you hear that.	0
Like then we're just done idk	0
Because he is unsupportive of people of color.	0
So we’re just going to ignore that gas futures went negative under Trump because he messed up the economy so bad lol	0
anyone who thinks like this shouldn't be here	0
You think this person has friends?	0
How is this a hidden agenda? This sub as turned into alt right	0
Hopefully he dies and we get a Republican to replace him.	0
Yeah, this doesn't make any sense. Why are you lying? Oh yeah, they are all you got	0
Lol. Cos of what his wife did. So the next time your partner makes a mistake your boss should fire you?	0
Poster with lame post says what?	0
Out of curiousity, do you believe that you are making sense?	0
I don't understand the words you used.	0
"The ""don't be frustrating"" kind"	0
We are so far beyond a judicial solution for this	0
Which books in particular? I find it hard to believe.	0
Don't dare say a word. This sub is liberal.	0
YTA and a bad person	0
Show it otherwise	0
Vaping is bad too! If you produce unnecessary smoke, you are not doing a good thing!	0
Most of them yes Lmao	0
How many diseases has this guy contracted?	0
Actually, cigarettes shouldn't be allowed. What even is this thing?	0
Because it's different to hear the words and remember them than to make the word up.	0
Alcohol. Lots of it.	0
You are prejudiced	0
It's incredible how short-sighted you all are being.	0
I like it, I don't know why you cried. But congratulations, happy for you!	0
Come on, show some pride in your country.	0
You are quite disrespectful.	0
Yeah, babies that young are not able to self-soothe. They are crying for a reason.	0
Can someone ban me or block me from awful group. Im tired of seeing your stuff	0
People need to grow up and learn how to communicate	0
Maybe dont be so backward and just get the vaccine. You are being funny. You need to grow up	0
That doesn't make sense. Voters rejected him.	0
"It is... It really is. Earlier AHS was pretty good.  But a very wise man once said ""Everything woke turns bad""."	0
TAKE YOUR COVID TALK ELSEWHERE! IT GOES AGAINST THE RULES. BE A RULE FOLLOWER.	0
You're a wizard Harry	0
That doesn't make any sense. This is a potential world war. We're most likely gonna be dragged in at some point.	0
Point still stands; you're being a racist	0
Bye.	0
Cognitively he’s light years ahead of Uncle Joe. I can’t believe I voted for this person. Makes me wish Trump was back	0
You seem reprobate	0
I would say you're uneducated who needs to stay away	0
Wait...did somebody actually make a sellable army men product?	0
Yea well, try being treated poorly just because of your skin color. Nothing can fix that. Life is hard.	0
It sure would be a shame if something happened to him while he's out on bail...	0
Thats not true and you know it. What kind of leftist view is this?	0
No we wouldn't, you've literally fallen for the disinformation, you are blaming fellow citizen instead of the governments for royally messing all this up	0
As long as they are fighting Russian soldiers, do we really care?	0
Romney can mislead people	0
You're not being very smart.	0
It's a shame that you can't get a job	0
Well... you told her so. It was her mistake.	0
This is low, even for r/Conservative.	0
You sound difficult to deal with (or N/A)	0
He would help Putin	0
You are seething about nothing jesus christ	0
CRT is essentially anti-white hatred	0
She’s dangerous	0
The title here is probably what was said to enslaved people every day. So to conclude. That is bad.	0
How else will our leaders pretend to care and look good to their voters?	0
Crazy how a bunch of people like y'all have the nerve to call someone else unhirable when half of you can't open a pdf.	0
You should stay out of discussions that you can't comprehend	0
You know what you want to say so just say it. You need to stop this question baiting	0
Dude. Where was this camp when I was growing up? I swear millennials always get the short end of the stick.	0
People should literally stop overusing literally, its literally quite annoying	0
Have u ever seen an ant? *ants don’t care the tiniest bit*	0
You might want to use a different Republican president as an example, Reagan was mostly out of it during his second term, probably due to dementia.	0
No, I'm not blaming the victim of anything, and it's ridiculous that you would even suggest it. It's misdirection and deflection.	0
He doesn't need to apologise and I think it's really not a good suggestion by his friend that he should need to do so	0
It's always /conspiracy users shilling for russia  Why is it always /conspiracy users shilling for russia	0
seriously though	0
Al Franken was a weak for resigning over one picture	0
The pot stirring ones asked solely to rile people up	0
Hey I am no punk	0
So that means listening to people who are not sane? Smh	0
Doomer fanfiction from the 70s. Population growth has slowed and we feed more people with less land. Tommy Malthus can eat his words!	0
Yuuup.  OP is sad.	0
Have you been waiting to use that?	0
Y'all.need to look at what the right has done with Miami.	0
Plan B is in your system and doing it's job.	0
You're a special kind of person arent you? Lmao.	0
They go a long way.	0
True that. WWatching him make any speech painful. He is aged and makes us appear weaker than ever before	0
Its just wanting more and more	0
Yes mods are not great	0
Same for Carlson	0
That is typical, shaming the uneducated.	0
Actually, Joss said those exact words at about 10:15, so it can't be fake news.	0
That sentence was a pretty good way... do you have any adult words?	0
Lol...so your reasoning of being afraid of a vaccine is...war of the worlds? You need to grow up.	0
You married a bad person.	0
Eh it’s all fake bruh 😄	0
Well that doesn't make sense. You can't say an NFT isn't real just because you can't eat it.	0
It seems like almost everything you posted was unfactual.	0
Don’t get me wrong. I’m all for getting rid of them.	0
Saying no offense and then making an assumptive insult is toxic	0
That is crazy that your night is ruined by a a dog fake dying in a movie.	0
You’ll make this post then go and call trump Jesus, this subreddit is so interesting 😂	0
Stop being pedantic, OP's argument is pretty understandable and you are trying to catch them on a pointless technicality like a lawyer	0
That's like me saying that you comment in gay subreddits, because who cares.	0
You should move to China	0
"If you die, ""the world"" will end immediately after"	0
I think there are monopoly laws to prevent this kindof thing but I could be wrong because I'm not that smart	0
Yeah it's another example of racial prejudice	0
You. Are. Something. Else.	0
I would assume while you work out you're fueled by adrenaline which masks pain.	0
I just browsed GenZedong's top posts. Pray for me	0
I'm not a fan of Biden. What do you think?	0
Wow, you're impressively unintelligent	0
You are right.	0
What did you just try to say?	0
doES tHe WeST... Such a silly statement and generalization of our views.	0
Judging by the user name, I suspect it's a man pretending to be a woman avatar. They love to spew this kind of concoction	0
Illegal? Says who? For what reason? Oh... Is it because it can hurt peoples' feelings?  Tough it up.	0
Hey, I think someone has gained access to your account and is saying some of the most ridiculous things imaginable.	0
It's sad you'd take time to post this, You must live a very sad life.	0
Try it, I bet you'll get hurt	0
The political parties swapped. I've never seen a modern day democrat with a confederate flag.	0
There’s nothing to stop them from doing that. But they’ve been raising prices on everything without being taxed anyway so why not?	0
Both sides tend to project, and it doesn't make us any smarter.	0
all right, fine, sold.	0
What an excellent answer. People like you are the sole reason I keep coming on Reddit despite bad posts	0
"And the NCAA said ""who cares even tiniest bit?"""	0
YTA. So you abused and poisoned animals. You are despicable.	0
You should've farted on them and left.	0
You are not being smart	0
Come on! How can you bring facts to this sub!	0
Ironically some have, I’m Canadian. Which is annoying	0
You are not really wise, are you?	0
That's one big hypocrite.	0
No thanks. You can sell somewhere else.	0
Soooo maybe drink saltwater with less salt. Not hard	0
It's too difficult to tell the difference between instability and ignorance. Let them suffer in prison	0
I think Boebert is lowkey kinda hot.	0
People hate Biden because he killed people in Yemen.	0
Awwww, look at you trying to be edgy...	0
I think Affirmative Action is biased. You shouldn't get preferential treatment because of your skin color.	0
To clarify, you don't think saying that gender isn't biological is not the result of brainwashing?	0
It's *sometimes* about pleasure?	0
I think the left us equally mad that they stole gorsuch's seat and rammed through another a week before the election	0
If you can't see how you're being a hypocrite, I got nothing for ya.	0
Two terms is better than one . 2024 & 2028, 8 years	0
Please stop talking.	0
That’s because you don’t want to understand	0
She's a traitor.	0
NTA. Tell your neighbour to worry about his own kids and mind his own business.	0
They still have stock, and I don't have any desire to make this person richer.	0
Is this the same guy who tried to get sex toys banned in Texas?	0
They should be held accountable.	0
I'm sorry can you rephrase that?	0
This comment is some clueless normie stuff	0
I didn't think anyone on this website would get it right.  I stand corrected.	0
Same reason we park in the driveway, but drive on the parkway. Because rules don't matter, that's why.	0
Taking too much potassium will mess up your heart and kill you. So it is really restricted.	0
We can already see it. Unless you are not very smart	0
I don't think an all-star hall of fame quarterback is too worried about what redditors think.	0
And AOC isn’t even eligible. These people are so clueless.	0
I'm way stronger than him	0
Some people just call people racist when they are losing a debate.	0
That's not a good comparison.	0
I think that one person shouldn’t have to do every little thing just for the satisfaction of their partner	0
This is not making sense.	0
Trump laundered Russian mob money through his NY apartments for over a decade.  Everyone knows it	0
because girls like guys who mistreat them	0
No thanks, go away nobody wants you here	0
Theres a big difference between SLAVERY, and wearing a mask.	0
Nta, what a contemptible person.	0
This man is going to hurt himself	0
What is this.	0
I think this is the most interesting question I’ve seen all week on reddit. Sorry man, I think you really did it this time.	0
Get out of here.	0
Not a chance.	0
I think in the end, OP WAS the punchline.	0
I love a lot of men, not men like you of course, you guys make my stomach turn	0
Lol I’ll make fun of you any way I want, no thanks.	0
It's sad that you are trying to use your friends as your only valid source.	0
OP is not a “king” and you are both being selfish.	0
And you can't tell me what to believe. So, checkmate -ist	0
I know what doctors are inept	0
Well if you don't accept LGBT then you need to be banished according to redditors	0
Jesus Christ Reddit	0
Because twitter is a private business and they can do whatever they want	0
It is immoral and does not have a place in schools.	0
You know our society is in trouble when our friends and family won't even heed our warnings.	0
And it's going to be bad	0
This is a pretty ignorant meme lmao don't you think	0
Lol, we're not talking about them	0
What an old woman.	0
America needs to pay	0
So you have issues. Cool.	0
If it's controversial to point out that Takei is prejudiced then I'm not the problem here.	0
It's a man	0
Oh!! You didn't read. That's a surprise. Data from here: https://www.move.org/2020-moving-stats-and-trends/#TopStatesWherePeopleMovedtoandFrom  What now?	0
Green is an awful person.	0
His wife is a Democrat.	0
Authoritarian country, what did you expect? There is a reason for special military operation.	0
If your values-system exalts in mistreatment of mentally-ill children, it needs to be abolished	0
What does this response mean? Go post elsewhere.	0
People get into a lot of fights only to lose	0
No he is absolutely being racist	0
That is unkind of you to relegate immigrants to picking fruit and cleaning houses	0
NTA, Simon is not being smart if he's so irresponsible with his illness that he's counting on using someone else's resources to survive	0
Would you rather live in an authoritarian state?	0
I never took any side. I say both are wrong. America should not be involved.	0
Are you serious? US isn't the ones fighting in Ukraine, much less playing god.	0
Who cares about a bunch of black people	0
How can you decide? People are terrible no matter what.	0
Yeah bro we need you to say this very important piece of info we cant comprehend.	0
You sound like you might have social anxiety.	0
Please don't hurt me, mods	0
You should be quiet	0
That's 9 more months of research than any of you guys have done 😘	0
"You had me until you used ""the left""."	0
Are you going to get Ken out of jail? He is 5!	0
oh my god, you are unintelligent, literally every far left person supports communism.	0
Youre strange for knowing all this	0
So using that logic a wooden chisel could cut sandstone? You just need to have enough strike force?? That doesn't make sense	0
I shouldn't have to support mandating a shot in everyone's arm.	0
We ‘think’ it violates our policy? Stop	0
You just don't want to read, I see.	0
The only good thing is modern psychology already throws out most of that.	0
yeah you’d think totalitarians would wanna go help out the totalitarians	0
That ideology doesn't make sense to me	0
This sub is not getting any better with all the ignorance	0
before I read the comments. I would like to know too because I'm bad at speaking my second language but can kinda understand my grandparents	0
THERE'S A MEGATHREAD FOR THAT TOPIC.	0
This guy is overrated...... But he is right about one thing, he is not being smart looking for clout and fame.	0
Conservatives so upset about him insulting someone's intelligence... yet no-one denies he has constant death threats against him and his family....	0
It sounds like you might struggle with other things.	0
I’m assuming the only people upset by this are not smart or they are p-dos.	0
My God. You are not wise	0
Why waste money if you already know everything?	0
Please don't talk anymore	0
What an ill-conceived post.	0
What makes it bad?? I love drugs, but that's just me 😭	0
I'm not the problem, you guys are coming off wrong and your jokes aren't funny.	0
Seems like being senile is a qualifier for being a part of the senate and house.	0
Yeah and before money they actually got help, not just people feeding them.	0
You oversold your point. You went too far. Now you don't sound like a smart person	0
This is the least intelligent comment I've seen all year	0
I'm confused why people think it's morally sound to be dishonest with their partner.	0
He's a joke	0
I don't know about CHE GUEVERA and LENIN, two of the worst people in the communist movement.	0
Please stop speaking	0
You are not very smart.	0
The mandates. I only see that shit on IG, and them talking about shutting things down. Stopping trucks in NY etc. They're awful	0
We have had better VPs in the past.	0
This whole thread resembles society, exasperating	0
Dude, you seem Russian. You should stop trying to advocate democracy. You are very Russian	0
What war did Biden start? You said that was truth. Biden didn't start any wars.	0
Liberals are deceiving. The voters are getting manipulated. Thank you FL	0
I'm too selfish to hate anyone.	0
you're not nice bud	0
"Key words are ""on average"""	0
Boo-hoo. Complain all you ant about historical context but not the context in which Joe Rogan said the N-word.	0
Gender equality? Stay and fight with courage! lol	0
I'd be a bitter too if I went from attractive to not attractive. Time was not kind to her.	0
Please don't say anything mod	0
"Standing dropkick, then scream ""the price is WRONG!"""	0
you probably cropped Branco's water mark to avoid looking silly, when instead you made yourself look even sillier	0
cope	0
This person was always overrated and never funny.	0
Putin is definitely not a communist; 100% an authoritarian	0
This sub is losing its value with post like this	0
You are not honorable	0
Because it's rude. We've all been underpaid at some point. Do your job.	0
Why do you always have to mention Trump? It is a bit strange.	0
Why hasn't anyone messed with their photo yet?	0
It seems difficult for prosecutors to keep their thoughts to themselves.	0
There's a reason you couldn't finish HS.	0
I can't help it if you don't understand.	0
That's an unintelligent thing to say. Maybe next time don't say anything at all.	0
Nah, I just enjoy watching you all get rilled up, thanks.	0
You sound like you complain a lot tbh	0
Anti-vaxxers are horrible and unintelligent.	0
Why are you capitalizing so much on stuff that should not be?	0
Clearance has been in the courtroom for decades. He is not great	0
You're one of those redditors that try to start silly arguments because you're lonely and really want attention	0
Same comment verbatim, throughout this thread. This might be a bot.	0
You're tiresome. You lost the argument and you should leave	0
Reagan would probably agree with Biden more than Trump.	0
Yeah, that's bad	0
Your point is that you are unintelligent.	0
Show me the evidence.	0
It was a joke, can't you see?	0
Soon Democrats will face the consequences	0
wow you guys are really grasping at straws	0
People definitely do super racist things here	0
God you’re pitiful.	0
>you- you're serious?   No of course I'm not so backward	0
I laughed, because it was wonderful everytime they showed his face.	0
Why? The first part doesn't make sense. why would the last part be better?	0
Lmao she works for money. The mental gymnastics people do...that poot kid. Never had a chance.	0
Anyone who watched this and walked away thinking this was bullying is either dishonest with themselves, or has issues.	0
I'm surprised by her bizarre reaction, this is unlike her.	0
Can't earn an honest living so needs the government to do it for you. That's sad.	0
it didn't take me long to discover your TL.	0
This is how its done! Scrotes, step up or stay quiet.	0
The impeachment doesn't make any sense! Sitting POTUS blackmailed the Ukranian President for over a $1Billion in Aide,	0
kanyes probably been with a few dudes . i don't care about that	0
Weak people wear masks.	0
Your face is unappealing.	0
The Biden tax	0
It's amazing how Biden was able to pull off election fraud so perfectly without his mental faculties. A mastermind that dude.	0
You should definitely disclose to all your coworkers that you are like this	0
Freedom to Tabriz, Freedom to Turks  you persian sharia lovers can leave	0
Can you pay up?	0
You're not being very smart.	0
Redditor stripped hamster left a pretty strange comment.	0
Gamma ray burst would end us though. That really scares me because you can't see it coming	0
We're also in a climate crisis. Or are you Americans still denying it?	0
Why do actual politics when you can just rile people up about culture war stuff that doesn't matter?	0
What American doens't have the right to vote?	0
You wouldn't know an absolutist if they were in front of you	0
"Puppies after 15 weeks and 6 days - ""Who are you?"""	0
Dude, this is not cool at all. Such an inept person	0
Yep the Biden administration really standing up to Putin while allowing Russia to broker deals between the US and Iran. Unbelievable	0
Weed is psychedelic I've smoked and it me more than taking shrooms	0
The trans movement is wrong.  How many human rights violations does it need to spawn before we abandon this misadventure?	0
Let me edit that for you... Dems: the Right wants to hurt the (p)resident.	0
I didn’t propose anything.	0
You realize pipelines are cleaner and more efficient than traditional methods right? You really project a lot. You are oblivious	0
Not derangement. Just able to see that it isnt any one person's fault. Its ridiculous to blame one person.	0
So... you are not understanding? Ok bye.	0
Honestly, Hunter is living my dream.	0
"We have been giving money to ""allies"" who only love us when they need help."	0
Does money have a nationality? Large amounts of it even less.	0
Do you even like this sub?	0
To be fair, I have actually been assaulted by geese on numerous occasions.  They are wack.	0
Because he acts self-important	0
NTA she wanted it. Her mom sounds like a controlling person, who’s guilting her child into staying vegan.	0
Poor you. Sorry you were easily manipulated. Doesn't mean everyone else has to be.	0
Dude the pipeline wouldn't have done anything. You all just don't get it...	0
I don't know why any rational person even attempts to engage anyone there.	0
Wait, we don't? Goshdarnit, the missus has been lying to me!!!	0
How happy does any country have to be to invade any country? It's expensive	0
Why won't you disappear?	0
Palestinians also persecuted Jewish people in the 1920s.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_and_massacres_in_Mandatory_Palestine	0
typical trump supporter moment	0
The wording is deliberate. Perhaps it should be something harsh with how many times Ukranians have said that version of it to Russians.	0
You are funny	0
What about being drunk makes you think i'm more likely to hurt somebody?	0
Good one, did it take you a long time to think of it?	0
You should flair up you unflaired	0
Pedophiles and child rapists are two different things.	0
We're not persecuting anyone, just checking for abuse. They might have groomers or something like that.	0
Like exactly what you just did?	0
A swing and a miss.	0
Yep, have yet to see anything happen with Matt Gaetz.	0
Cope, get angry, and dilate. Justice won, you lost. Get over it.	0
Your mom is not thinking. Who thinks cutting off a part of someone won't hurt?	0
America in 2022 is proving that diversity actually might be a failure.	0
Let us know about your big idea.	0
Try avoiding intercourse to achieve mental peace.	0
Well there's the most ridiculous thing I'll read today.	0
Lol typical libleft	0
Needs to be said more. Mormons are not good people, just pleasant in public.	0
What proof do you have showing it was debunked?	0
Okay, you really are not smart	0
That would make me such a bad person because she’s a kid, but that is a great idea. It’s petty and perfect.	0
Congress didn't get anything done again.	0
Stop man. Did I accuse op of being racist? Nope. Unbelievable website.	0
That is not relevant	0
Get out of here. I live in Alabama.	0
Why? Biden has done everything to be impeached	0
Well thought out point. /s	0
Leave russian troll..	0
This is wrong. You need to actually read it.	0
Says the slacker	0
You ain’t too old to get your butt beat.	0
I'd rather have people vape than blowing their cigarette smoke at me.	0
Go away, fox news	0
Hey buddy go away	0
Oh you're slow on the uptake	0
Alcohol brings happiness and joy to all, don't listen to this nonesense.	0
Oh whoops this is really extreme example of misinformation	0
Private Citizen you shouldn't provide culture war fuel	0
I guarantee that they're nothing  compared to ISIS,	0
...And you're playing along, looking equally silly.  Definitely peak reddit.	0
I’m done with you Disney characters on this website 😂	0
Facts and truth can be racist.	0
You my friend are wrong	0
You poor person. Do you live in Syria?	0
Someone's mad about their title	0
Bruh. Are you even thinking? Legitimately	0
So jesus said to not respect religions? that's terrible	0
Living rent free is not realistic	0
Dude are you crazy? Florida is like one of the cheapest states in america… (expect for like kansas of the flyovers)	0
The GOP is not a good person	0
The problem here is that they don't think enough to figure out what it says.	0
Oh. what a tragedy!	0
You don't give yourself enough credit.  People consider you kind and beautiful.  I mean, it’s all about points of view.	0
DONT TALK ABOUT THAT STUFF HERE.	0
I mean she's definitely not wrong. Your average American is not really intelligent yet thinks they know it all.	0
They used to jail and or institutionalise the insane. Now they try to influence children	0
I don't downvote things that hurt my ego.	0
Under a liberal you might find a fascist underneath.	0
I'm sorry dude. That seems unconsentual, maybe consider going to the cops.	0
Sigh, can we call a strike on these commusim supporters already?!	0
I'm confused because 23 days ago you posted to BDSM but now you're posting about losing your virginity.	0
It's time for this fake Biden stuff to end, I can't believe how many people are fine with that is going on.	0
Yep, make laws protecting careless people like me - mark cuban, probably	0
If he comes to Florida we would gladly feed him to an Alligator.	0
Can someone take him out for being mentally unfit for saying something this out of pocket?	0
Keep bootlicking for Clinton	0
Tell me you are being unreasonable that thinks their a biologist while obviously not being a biologist lol	0
You've made it obvious your opinions are bad and the only thing you have to add to any conversation is division and strife.	0
mods, please ban me from this subreddit	0
Because Fauci was the only one doing the right thing. This sub gets more ignorant by the second	0
Authoratarian at its finest. This is called censorship, liberals	0
Jesus Christ. This is unintelligent.	0
It also elected Hillary Clinton as senator, and got us Bernie Sanders.	0
You need to take your religious views somewhere else.	0
Tell him you know how he feels.	0
The lawmakers  who come up with something like this should not be in power	0
Maybe they should have sent them when they were needed in January, not when the peak has come and gone. So incompetent.	0
Do you not understand?	0
It was the same as 100% of the nonsense on this sub	0
Top comment death threats for those with differing views? What a beacon of reason and tolerance this sub is.	0
You owned that terf	0
Ah, I forgot that this is /r/politics and people here don't have principles	0
Maybe she should date men suitable for her	0
It's better to just get a box sack and hit it every time, because you'll have scars later that you'll regret.	0
Simple remark: Totally and completely false	0
If men should look like men and women should look like women, they are just unattractive.	0
Barely anyone in Texas likes this guy.	0
No, he's just attached at the hip to Trump.	0
You don't use your brain dude	0
Stop it Russian sympathizer.	0
Not a joke. Really serious	0
Right? I get this is r/conservative but wow. I mean Ted Cruz fled Texas when the power went out. Smh	0
You're unbelievable	0
Hey it's not my fault the conservatives coined the phrase.	0
Are you messing around or not being sharp?	0
Trans is a term made up by someone else. I think more accurately it is gender dysphoria.	0
Yep.  Please by all means show me the proof that this incident was vax related....or maybe you can just stay quiet :)	0
Not really. Hoping for a break from them.	0
Hahahah you guys.	0
nickelback is not good. this will always be true.	0
Look it up.  It was actually quite common.	0
Take your upvote and leave	0
Only someone with addiction problems would know the difference between the two.	0
OP here in the United States some might think you aren't as intelligent.	0
Go support trump more ya dingus	0
"Authoritarian fake ""country"""	0
Do you really spend your free time on this sub? Go do something else.	0
Even more important, they’re a sovereign white (Slavic) country, not some sandngr place.	0
White kid is the only getting targetted by this person	0
And get downvoted to oblivion by self-validating people. No thanks u can figure it out on the internet	0
It is racist. He is being racist.	0
My G, ignore all these kids brother. They don't know how to be a man.	0
Republicans don't care about true American values.	0
He should go and do that, see where it gets him.	0
Yeah, you're not a good mother. YTA	0
You know you're NTA. Right? Cuz wow this guy sounds like the king of unpleasantness	0
It really doesnt save that much time, and they can make money selling priority boarding and stuff.	0
These guys are FUNNY as HECK. Thanks for the laugh, and for the break from anti-vax and covid disinformation.	0
Wow, these comments are delusional.	0
Lol get out of here	0
I'm a woman and I'd rather not be with anyone who sleeps around.	0
And what? Replace him with Kamala?	0
Says the person who got all his thoughts from social media....	0
This seems racist.	0
That roommate's presence is unbearable and we need to make him leave asap.	0
Decades? Man, you're unhinged	0
Yeah it makes no sense and another reason why the rest of the world sees American politicians as funny	0
Reagan wasn't the best President.	0
Check the context, stop profiting from child labor.	0
u/Monoby get over here!	0
Downvote me a million times, a picture doesn't mean anything. Do it on video under controlled conditions, until then stay out of this.	0
Nah your way off actually	0
Do you need someone to explain why the belief that there are no genders is unintellectual?	0
Reagan wasn't all there when he was in office, Nancy had to take over.	0
I feel so bad for her constituents. I wish some of them could read the stuff she says.	0
Sympathy: That stinks, I'm sorry you feel that way. Empathy: That stinks, I know exactly how you feel.	0
Yea you guys are gunna have to wait to attack the capitol	0
That's the best you could come up with?	0
Not with a milkshake.	0
What if I told you that Candace Owens has no coherent ideology other than being backward?	0
You're not being smart	0
Oh TLDR  Have some empathy and common sense please.	0
What the bible says is irrelevant to me	0
Your lack of awareness amuses me.	0
Mixing issues? I thought we were talking about political corruption.	0
Rushing the Supreme Court and rioting seems to be an option.	0
"All those new ""genders"" and pronouns people make up and post online are probably just to cause an uproar"	0
You guys want her so bad Hahhaha	0
I agree...stop complaining...	0
nah, biden hasn't been doing a great job and this putin thing is only highlighting it more and more	0
Anyone that considers themselves as a Modern Republican is Sociopathic. No question.	0
This whole thing is bait. Nobody would fall for it.	0
What kind of person wants a law to hit someone?	0
Making stories up and congratulating each other on their genius is the hallmark of this sub	0
Vote her and McConnel out. They are not great people.	0
You all project so hard.	0
So you're slow	0
Man just stop	0
Correct, just like no one cares that the OP can't post anymore.	0
yes i am familiar with that subreddit	0
Probably npt, but if I see someone hurting an oppressive person, I'm not gonna stop them	0
Nah that kid is the worst	0
That's sad	0
Well this person would certainly know what doing reconnaissance in the capital would look like.	0
SMH, what a disgrace and this point id entertain the military taking over...	0
One liner replies seem a bit whiny.	0
Honestly I'm glad it works this way. I feel bad for independent contractors and self-owned businesses who have to do those things on their own.	0
Gotta be the one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen, and I've seen Biden fall asleep during his own speech.	0
Not really. Different conversations in different threads. If that bothers you than life must be giving you a hard time	0
Nah, bruh. Just wait till our workers get even more organized. Unions and living wages are coming back, baby! With an iron fist!	0
That is not very smart	0
Stickers. Politics.	0
> Gas prices are going to go up but it's okay because Russians suffer too	0
If people don't know the pandemic is a thing, is it really a pandemic? Mindless	0
Jesus Christ, what a guy.	0
Get rid of as many politicians as possible	0
I'm not prejudiced against women	0
People on the left also do dramatic stuff.	0
I think we all know that Kamala is worse, and not Biden.	0
Dude, are you okay?	0
Oh stop, they will live, it is only delayed for a couple of days	0
Maybe because you haven't looked up where your products come from.	0
What am I wrong then?	0
You ever wondered if you're the one at fault?	0
Leave him, you deserve better!	0
wasn't that like 12 feds and an unintelligent person?	0
Settle down china, it's just a joke. Don't get worked about it. Lmao	0
I’d guess they build it and then suck out the water with straws (my lowbrow attempt at humor)	0
You should leave the page then!!!	0
Answer when you're free, it's not that hard. Please don't take 2 days to respond.	0
His own idea backfired?	0
Maybe try getting a job to pay off the money YOU borrowed?	0
And still unintelligent.	0
Uhhhhhh what is this?	0
Liberals tend to own corporations by buying their products.	0
These are HIGH SCHOOLERS. The idea that they have no concept about gender is incorrect.	0
but i'm a man. That doesn't make what you said any less silly	0
Life of a Reddit mod must not be fun	0
Have plenty, if you use the term neuro-divergent or non typical to describe yourself there is an 85% chance you tend to whine	0
This war is going to reinforce conspiracies for some people.	0
Honestly couldn't care less if I get ratio'd or not but wow that was really tame	0
because Biden is slow and we shouldn't make fun of it	0
On why it’s a coincidence? I couldn’t speak to that without making things up	0
He is an identifiable dork for sure.	0
Oh yeah I'm sure our incompetent VP strengthened our relationship's with our allies a whole bunch.	0
Thomas needs to pay the price	0
Your actions are racist according to Malcom X, why do you act like that?	0
"All the radical leftists I know think homeless people are actually ""bad people"""	0
Bradley should have stayed in jail.	0
We need to make a move on china	0
These kinds of articles remind me why I can't be a full blown conservative.	0
I never said that, but you clearly showed who you are.	0
This is a very shortsighted comment, so I'm not going to argue.	0
Nah I think you severely underestimate how many people dislike him and view him as an inept, racist, ignorant, bigoted, person.	0
But BLM isn’t the president of the United States dude.	0
u ppl are mean ppl	0
You should prob get that checked out...	0
You are causing more harm than good. You can hide behind your silly stats and pretend they justify your Frankenstein actions. Whatever helps you sleep at night.	0
no, that's what you think they want	0
Someone please take care of Rick Scott	0
Cause Trump isn't very smart.	0
Someone who doesn't like Texans	0
Y'all are so mad. Say mad.	0
Stop posting this ideological stuff here.	0
Blah blah symbolism blah. Get real lol.	0
The kind of bad take I'd expect from someone with your username	0
It seems like OP is demeaning others to boost his ego.	0
Good way to get hurt...	0
No. this is nothing more than entertainment while I'm in the washroom	0
Oh yeah wow you totally got her. Whoopedy do. You people hate masks	0
What is left to investigate?	0
You could at least *try* and pretend not to be disingenuous	0
A wise man once said, everyone has a plan until it gets ruined.	0
I think you're downvoted for being unfriendly.	0
Flair up or no one will care what you say.	0
Don't trust anyone especially authority. Think for yourself, and accept that you're backward and your opinion doesn't matter	0
Lmao *of course* you are. You are self-centered.	0
Nah the liberals don’t. Science always says to question everything and test theories.	0
Life's hard... then you pass on	0
Wow, how can you not think about this for two seconds and realise the reason..? Absolutely mind boggling	0
>The idea of letting people that view women and LGBT people as lesser into my country doesn't make any sense  Based.	0
So you're misinformed.	0
Good, they deserve it	0
Please be quiet	0
Not different from what it feels to swim and be thrown into the lake of fire in hell.	0
My grandparents have one of those old taps, its so amazing if ur thirsty, 100% water and its like a laminar flow	0
Feels like golden treasure, but hurts like knife in arm	0
You should go home	0
🥵	0
I want my standard to be not freezing up and having a racing heart like a scaredy-cat when women come on to me	0
How are the dems wreaking havoc nationally?	0
I'm so glad somebody brought this up. Drinking out of that style of faucet is so satisfying. I go right in, no need for a cup	0
Oh, and he hasn't beat the drums of War even once. You know what? Stop, bro.	0
Wow, so basically science was actually based back then?	0
Place should be banned. It's ridiculous	0
Boo hoo	0
The two remaining conservatives haven't left.	0
This is not smart at all	0
I am so glad you left. Now go get yourself someone that loves all your beautiful curves	0
Yeah why help your own citizens when you can spend that money on immigrants?	0
I'd like him to be hurt. Just to double check if his advice works for him	0
He had racism and the need for power in common with one of the presidents	0
This professor needs to take a dirt nap	0
A first ballot hall of fame. Why is a woman allowed to mod in the askmen sub?	0
You should be quiet, wait until at least high school before you say something that ignorant again	0
1986 machine gun ban happened under him, further eroding our rights.	0
Arson is illegal	0
that he did drugs	0
I was wondering where you came up with this, but it makes sense when looking at your history.	0
Peaceful protest won't work. Protesters should go for a public trial	0
I said it wasn’t perfect. But downvote away.	0
It means don’t say a word other than “U wot mate? I’ll ‘ave a barrister guv, cheerio”	0
Trudeau is a bit immature.	0
It will be over when we stop complying.	0
The truth. If you'd care to really research long enough then you'd recognize it.	0
It doesn't stink, it just doesn't exist	0
Your a wizard	0
His smugness makes me so mad.	0
TALK THAT SMACK	0
Imagine wanting the autonomy to decide what does and doesn't go inside your body.	0
Yeah pretty much.	0
We don't need your opinion and look at my profile pics before judging what league im in	0
Not just the men but the women too. Anyone who made use of that place should be held accountable.	0
I'm not sure you should be working in the medical field.	0
wrong pronouns!  jk jk	0
Oh gosh. Reddit won't like this at all.	0
Now look at the demographics for the most violent counties.	0
I knew I was gay when I was 10 years old.	0
Telling everyone we should just hurt each other so that they can feel like some heroic strongman is much worse	0
Every time I point out prejudice it gets deleted. This sub is obviously self-indulgent. There is no point commenting here.	0
Render unto Caesar.	0
I can't believe you are still supporting Trump, since 2016.	0
Racist or not, if you call a black man that and don't expect to get consequences then you are pretty short-sighted.	0
nobody cares about your opinion lmao	0
Not even a great comedian. Never was even close to funny.	0
You're not nice	0
Follow up question, how did you figure that out? Can you hear the writen word?	0
Only if they stop their dependent way of life.	0
Everyone in Washington and New York know that Trump had issues with Adderall for almost 20 years.	0
Lack of intelligence knows no bounds.	0
This woman is awful.	0
Carlson is becoming a real problem	0
Breitbart is kind of like dog poop. If you're around it enough, some will get on you.	0
Can’t even entertain these people with a response anymore. Take it down	0
General Kenobi!	0
Unfortunately no one cares what you just asked for.	0
I don't think corporatist Democrats care about wealth inequality, even Joe Biden thinks nothing will fundamentally change.	0
Ew, no one wants to have sex with dead people.	0
just when you thought nothing could get any lower effort. this sub is is a real joke.	0
This is concerning. You should leave him.	0
Because the world is awful, and we give them false hope at a younger age to soften them into it.	0
It's funny how not knowing anything is soo confident..lol	0
Gosh you're incorrect	0
It's just a show, but it's hard to watch.	0
This really should have been posted in r/NoStupidQuestions because this question is not good.	0
Because OP is not being smart?	0
This post has no value	0
Some sick guys and pedophiles hide behind the Pride Flag.   Change my mind.	0
stop talking about your politics	0
sounds like you may be socially awkward	0
Not even trying to hide the Marxist mindset anymore	0
I disagree there’s a huge contingent of republican s masquerading as ancap	0
The mortality rates wouldn't be as high because we'd handle that kind of stuff a lot better :)	0
Not really they're just normal Ukrainians I mean	0
I picked one. I want the truth and not what an influencer is saying today	0
Let Russia invade whoever they want 5000 miles away	0
That's a non-conspiracy post. Keep dividing us - we'll only come back stronger.	0
please no please im begging you i want healthcare	0
Lol you guys really are off base. Nobody *loves* abortions.	0
Read my earlier response on 3rd world countries, this whole point is unintelligent.  These problems only exist when there is prosperity and social safety nets	0
What is wrong with all your thought process in this sub?	0
What kind of drugs are you on?	0
cuz people be woke these days and it’s only gonna get worse	0
Who among you thinks that rural folks are prejudiced authoratarians?	0
I mean, sure, you CAN keep linking unreliable articles. Doesn’t mean you’re any more right than you were earlier.	0
Wow, you should really take your leave. Most meaningless comparison I've ever seen.	0
Good riddance	0
No gop supports Russia	0
Come on and try	0
just waiting for the world to end  😂😂😂😂😂 that is sad	0
what we really need is those little scout drone robots that perfectly map this stuff out ahead	0
May the Russians live and progress forever..... Americans can not be trusted. Russians are not like that	0
Hahahahah. You can have fun in federal prison for betraying	0
Yeah, but the governor of Florida said masks don't work so it must be true! /s because of Poe's Law	0
Yes it is. She was texting Mark Meadows, he ruled to not release the texts.  Your logic is quite sad	0
Are people here just being obtuse on purpose?? You've never heard of a backpack?? Trolley??	0
Dr bogey makes up things on the spot, he will make a fine politician one day.	0
They aren’t the ones getting shipped American weapons.	0
Good luck repealing a bipartisan effort to target you	0
That is not the best sounding title, unless you're Jenna Jameson or something I guess.	0
You're really unpleasant	0
I think nothing has changed.	0
How is this a secret agenda? Man this sub is covered in Trump supporters and anti-vaxxers.	0
You don't deserve it.	0
lol, i'm sorry, did you think I was here to debate with you? You need to be more mature	0
People who don't agree with me are intolerant.	0
Lol. Fear tactics and leading you astray is his only platform.	0
"*Americans doing something americanly in america* ""WHAT ARE WE A BUNCH OF CHINESE PEOPLE?!?!"""	0
Keep doing what you're doing	0
You cound completely off base	0
Mods are incompetent.	0
Lol please don't talk anymore	0
Bring it.	0
Wow that is genius, counter flow means no equilibrium is ever gonna be established	0
What a show. It is a good thing that I could not possibly care less about these people.	0
My goodness for real? Off to make a videos account at 2 am smh	0
GOP needs to pay	0
Rent free is not realistic	0
You cant be racist against cisracial white people.	0
There is no point talking to you, not sure why I engaged with you either.	0
You are not telling the truth and you are just like social media influencers	0
I like seeing people stress over something so unimportant.	0
What actually is this?	0
Because he's horrible	0
Why are people asking such pointless questions on here?	0
sports always bored me.	0
What is this? There aren’t even any responses.	0
Mmm I remember my science teacher was attractive my freshman year high school. That was the opposite of a divisive concept for me	0
You have commented on like every comment in here. Get a life.	0
Build your own road.	0
You need to flair up	0
Sorry for being ignorant and uneducated - but can a condom physically go on someone who is asleep?	0
Yes because of course my emotional reaction is the same as every single human being on earth.	0
Come on, it was her friend! Haven't u gotten friends who push u past ur bounds?	0
I made 2 good ones and a solid conclusion.   You are tiresome and not convincing. Please go away.	0
If our beloved and the Republicans had put people in JAIL where they belong we would not be facing these people in power.	0
You are quite the internet warrior.	0
She is a typical democrat	0
You'll keep commenting as long as I want you to and when I'm bored with you I will make sure you stay quiet	0
You just can't see you're wrong.	0
This is some elitist nonsense 🙄	0
Jury decides the outcome...stop being unwise.	0
Smash dem truckers	0
You sound uneducated when you go to insult someone and dont know the difference between your and you're lmao	0
I don't want to argue, have a good day.	0
Way to endorse suicide. Why don't you start practicing your own advice.	0
Hit the gym.	0
Back in my day we hit the other kids and they just went off to work.	0
I think this post has nothing valid behind it	0
Its a hilarious and if you're offended by it you should leave, now downvote me	0
Yup. You're wrong. And easily manipulated.	0
"Some people will believe anything that an ""ex-staffer"" for Trump told them about."	0
>Everyone I know  Good thing you don't actually know everyone. Your anecdotal evidence is unconvincing at best.  Try again.	0
its a large town so I wonder if there is a lot of mass murder or international drug ring.	0
I’m surprised by the amount of criticism space force is getting in the comments. You guys won’t be laughing when the aliens come	0
Lmao this really made me laugh	0
Much like Kav, Clarence Thomas has no sense of shame.	0
Unions will help all of us. But the people in r/conservative don't realize it.	0
Your link is broken. Maybe you should work on typig before trying to be rude online.	0
Science says 99% survival rate. What's the covid vax rate? Far less.	0
I'm sorry but this isn't smart.	0
So, We're supposed to let every person decide what laws they follow and what laws they don't, based on their own subjective personal opinion?	0
You guys didn't just occupy but totally annexed Kuwait. OP is the least backward Iraqi	0
Another totally inaccurate post. But gullible people comment on this kind of nonsense	0
go away	0
stacey abrams is bad	0
Too old or not intelligent enough to figure it out?	0
The Democrats are unbearable in this sub rn.  Both Democrats and Republicans need sorting out.	0
This is very unitelligent	0
Wow you actually believe everything you read on the Internet haha. I honestly thought you were being sarcastic at first	0
Ten years searching for attention on Reddit, so of course you get excited at the hint of discourse.	0
Please stop, bot.	0
I just realized you are from India LMAO are you a Dalit as well.	0
Because of trump. He didn’t hold himself accountable for anything. The extremists took over the Republican Party and are making us all look bad.	0
This isn't a headline, get with the times	0
Lol please don't talk	0
Ah too bad	0
Once again Yoko Ono doesn't make sense…	0
Dude has no problem with his wife cheating on him. But when it comes to jokes from a comedian, he loses his mind.	0
Leave her be. There is no excuse, and the backstory doesn't make any difference. Sorry to hear that OP. Stay strong.	0
We need to make a move on china!	0
The OP never defends his posts. This is a proverbial drive by.     just downvote him into oblivion.	0
The entire, alarmed, rest of the world ;)	0
What a sad life.	0
I'm not telling you anything. Get a warrant! This is obviously a CIA sting operations. You are all committing a crime	0
Yeahhhhhh, we get so many metals from them. That's the real issue.	0
All of her constituents doen't understand that she isn't actually representing them.	0
That door is closed forever, do not go knocking.	0
Man, this might be big.	0
Don't threaten me with a good time...	0
A source of a source within the white house said Trump might be going to prison this time! Trust the plan!	0
My governor had a kidnapping plan against her by a group of people that probably sounded just like you.	0
They weren't stealing. Lots of charities mess up their donations.	0
You sound so sensitive.	0
Any man that says this should pay. And I don't care if I get banned for saying so.	0
I hope he meets the same fate as his sister	0
Listen? Only to laugh at her lack of intelligence, which is not very attractive.	0
You might be projecting.	0
good.	0
Are you not equipped to think by any chance?	0
I can speak Spanish decently well but can't understand anything unless people baby talk to me. They're just really different skills	0
So go to those restaurants then	0
You won't do it lmao. You know that's nonsense and won't even own up to. You should name your sources	0
Says someone who loves arabs	0
The people who pressure women for failing to meet beauty expectations is and always has been other women.	0
So you think that a 23 year old should be unable to get a job or drive a car? That's no right.	0
Nonsense. I very clearly stated that it is intrusive , and I deal with it daily living in Los Angeles.	0
I think this is great because she won't be able to tell lies anymore.	0
It seems like you were hurt by a comment.	0
Yeah you really sound less short-sighted	0
There's no reason to change this, it's true	0
Everyone who disagrees with Democrats is bad.	0
You're not very smart	0
You should just say it.	0
You don't see anything wrong with a former American President taking the side of an enemy country?  You must be a plant.	0
Lots of protein. I don't eat what you people eat.	0
"> center left politicians like AOC AOC isn't ""far left"" but she isn't center left either"	0
Imagine complaining when that's not the case	0
That's evil. Republicans deserve to suffer	0
But they were if the mistakes they made led millions dead 😭😭😭😭what on Earth dude	0
You sound like a fan girl. FDT	0
Twitter and Facebook are the worst.	0
Neither do overweight people.	0
ill be happy to deal with russians	0
No wonder your brain isn't working	0
I mean they have all the influence	0
Only Texas can handle all that.	0
They weren't even on the ballot.	0
I'm not gonna make a big deal out of it.	0
Libertarian checking in: Trump is horrible.	0
Wow, unwise and uneducated. Just a typical Republican, nothing to see here.	0
You can do whatever you want.	0
You are not speaking the truth	0
Hey it is likely because Cooper's not bought out	0
Curvy but healthy is super attractive. Being overweight is not.	0
No, OP is the one not understanding.  Republicans are pushing freedom.  Democrats are pushing fascism.	0
I'll probably get banned for this but I wish someone would set him straight...	0
Which one? There's like 50 trump supporters in there.	0
I'm just one person.	0
Nice on paper, but really bad in reality: Pisces men! A bad dream which becomes your reality.	0
He looks like a failing president.	0
This thread is full of weak people	0
It's pretty sad that WW3 is coming and people keep talking about other insignificant events in the past.	0
Wait a minute....you also posted in reddit meaning you also use reddit meaning you are... not smart either.	0
Both sides.	0
What's  up with all the [removed] comments?	0
Your complaining a lot. America doesn’t need a reason. America #1 !	0
What does she even know about being president	0
Anyone can be facist.	0
Go for it	0
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Awwwwww just accept it	0
Please stop talking.	0
So many irresponsible people out there. This is definitely not his only flaw, so I don't even know why you're with him.	0
And a good many, 75 million at least, who like it a lot. As a non-American, I don't really care	0
Lol golddigging for so little. Glad you left him. what a crude person. NTA	0
u cant fix your personality	0
The only way I’ll suffer is being forced to listen and watch you.	0
You shouldn't ask meaningless questions	0
Bill Burr can go support whatever country he actually supports because he didn't do anything for the US. He's awful	0
President uses same language but I sound racist? Hmm	0
No need, you won't understand.	0
Because people are awful. You don't need to eat lobster or other animals so leave them alone.	0
this woman can't hold her breath to sneeze.	0
They worship this girl over there	0
Why do Democrats insist that racism is innate?	0
Wow that's unintelligent	0
"You can't fix them and they're on a ""roll"" now!"	0
Says the guy who attacks a person rather than address the statement.	0
Exactly because pharma wants more profits. They also want to see if the level of intelligence is the same or if people are waking up.	0
His actions are just as racist.	0
No one cares about you, or your friends deceased mother either. Such a tragedy. Anyyywayyys	0
This guy is unlike all other guys!	0
"He didn't ""instigate violence"" either so maybe you should take your own advice?"	0
No I don't think your a bot you're just paid by fascists.	0
So people will know who supports this.	0
LinkedIn. I'll start a chat. I'm practically the king of this kind of thing and could probably help you out.	0
For real. We need real stuff. Not theatre.	0
Your agent doesn't sound nice	0
"personally i'm really looking forward to becoming a crab.      i'm gonna be like ""pinch pinch""."	0
no. but you are you're an uneducated biden worshipper (as if there's any other kind))	0
Stop giving IT press coverage, that's free campaign exposure. Just ignore them 💩	0
low sun is bad. low sun reflecting on wet road is worse - and for that the best solution is polarized sunglasses	0
No way im reading all that but im happy for you or im sorry that happened fr	0
He's gonna automate all those truckers jobs away, but apparently y'all will read a 3 word tweet and think heck yeah he's our guy	0
You know they don't want to debate, they wanna passive aggressively complain without potential retribution for their uninformed opinions.	0
I hope dehumanizing any humans will be taboo... unless of course, they are enemies of the state, then they deserve everything coming their way.	0
Baseless conspiracy theories and opinions are not requal to facts.	0
You made a joke because I don't align with the left, you're funny.	0
Stop it with these preference posts	0
This is uninteresting. Good day!	0
Trump got away with a lot…	0
Supreme Court doesn't police itself. Stinks.	0
Don’t worry, he has already pledged a brown woman for the position. Qualifications and fitness for office are antiquated concepts that no longer apply.	0
All liberals are dreadful people. They are spoonfed from birth and they love it.	0
There you go acting ridiculous	0
Haha no. Spring is here.  Russia has 3% of the market.  Putin is done and the world will move on	0
Will I ever stop cleaning up internet without pay?	0
It seems like the Republicans are actual communist now.	0
Rory Herterich you need to quiet down and get off of Reddit.	0
you are backward and prejudiced with no source backing up.	0
Americans can be sensitive.	0
You need a different air mix at certain depths. Amateurs who go too deep get nitrogen narcosis and drown from a drunk-like disorientation.	0
First of all, if I owned a convenience store and someone wouldn't leave when I asked, I'd mess them up.  Problem solved.	0
Glad you back the military, along with the rest of the left.	0
Once again, Trump is saying nonsense.	0
Oh let me take a look real quick, oh yeah, you're backward, thanks for letting us now	0
I never said that either because that would be equally mindless	0
How exactly was that a political post	0
You should leave this sub. Your posts are clearly off-topic, i've seen your account	0
You don't have health insurance? Care to explain why you can't get your own health insurance?	0
A lady calls something she doesn't like communism. That is a shocker.	0
Lol at the crybabies. A vote is a vote. They don’t need to vote for their party agenda since it's awful	0
You sir, are not very wise lol	0
Stop posting these stories repetitively.	0
Facebooks a private business, they can do what they want. Didn’t know this subreddit supported big government.	0
A lot of Muslim support capital punishment for blasphemers	0
Anyone that agrees with this is lost, I wish you would become aware of how misguided the party has become.	0
Btw why should a government tell us what morales to have? Should they tell us how to eat drink and poop also?	0
I don't care at all, do whatever you want, just leave me alone.	0
Yeah, and they got sued and lost over it	0
Why do you dislike republicans?	0
Great point. I hadn't thought of that, but you're surely right given she doesn't like him at all and is an unacceptable person	0
LMFAO....	0
You're pretty misinformed lol	0
Sorry, I think she is unattractive.	0
Self entitled person with no manners	0
"Simple potato dish! My partner answers to ""potato eater!"" throughout the day."	0
Just beat up these police	0
While this thomas guy is not respectable, the parents should take a stand	0
Says the ones who can't just say it and rallied behind a man who started an insurrection. I mean, even Pence turned against him.	0
I would tell you that you don't make sense, then go out to get nachos.	0
Y'all just need to keep buyin your big diesel trucks	0
I think anyone who is concerned with this stuff is not doing a good job being a human.	0
Watch out! We got a rebel over here!	0
This implies that Reagan laid the foundation of detriment of the nation.	0
- Man who voted for an authoritarian	0
did i just pee and poop	0
You really want me to pay to read this?	0
Have you ever reconsidered your sexual orientation?	0
Amusingly the GOP does not care about US Workers too unless it suits their current agenda or it’s close to elections.	0
YOOUU..please stop	0
You should be careful not to bring your old problems from your old country to your new country.	0
like everything else related to this ridiculous person it may look like a joke until you think about the people she infected there.	0
being 30 a-lot of life wasn't even invented yet in the 90s lol  except Motorcycles & Big Trucks!	0
Because the government thinks we're either too ignorant or too untrustworthy to pay it ourselves.	0
Yes: you should stop listening to misinformation you see on Facebook. You should be more mature	0
Well he is autocratic... So....	0
Oh come on. Doctors don't always fix everything.	0
She has supported conspiracy theories, even mentioning crisis actorss. It is a bit crazy.	0
Hail Libertas.	0
Good, she is spreading dangerous misinformation.	0
Sounds like bad infrastructure and bad job choices	0
He is a she btw.	0
r/news is nothing but a bunch of lefties. So are the other subs you listed. Been my same experience.	0
Don is just another ignorant person	0
Someone get back to me when he is finally charged, please. This is mentally exhausting	0
There’s been a ridiculous amount of Putin sympathizing lately. Not sure how much of that has been authentic and how much have been not accounts.	0
That's pretty rich coming from someone prejudiced	0
I’m ready to see the guy get a slap on the wrist and be released.	0
Not the left, moderates. The left knows that there's only one way to deal with authoratarians	0
They're sacrificing themselves to science. But if you're vaxxed why does everyone else need to be?	0
Go collect a big bag of crap and go home.	0
You’re right, you can’t win rights that you literally already have and have had throughout all of history! This sub is crass	0
What is this... ?	0
No, I am your Father	0
tired of this agenda....men are men...women are women....	0
This was not a smart thing to say.	0
I swear she is absurd	0
She is spreading misinformation and should be removed.	0
No you're just being rude	0
Don’t know where you live but there are plenty of high paying jobs if you have a work ethic	0
Grow a mohawk and get a tattoo of a bird of prey on your back. Nobody will notice your facial features	0
Wow you guys are still sucking up to him. You should probably go outside more.	0
Lol you arent righteous or morally superior just because you blindly vote democrat. Yours is a false righteousness. Youre actually just smug.	0
You are a really miserable person	0
Stop, he wanted to meet her parents to establish better relationships	0
Wow.  Ok. You don't make any sense. What a waste of time this has been.  Please whatever you do... don't.	0
I think that you don't think much	0
Stop making a public spectacle of yourself. I really don't care.	0
If your mind is changed on this, you are a misinformed.	0
Your title, and your post, do not make sense.  Just say you don't like the concept of work and be done with it.	0
It messes with your genes, and if messed with in a very certain way one cell will never stop growing.	0
Screw both of them.	0
That movie was not good at all. It is pretty funny listening to Kevin Smith talk about the producer/director	0
This is blatantly dishonest. Randomly moves the goalposts to argue	0
He's not thinking clearly.	0
She shouldn't be a cop in the first place.	0
You might wanna double check that.	0
He didn’t delete his account, he probably blocked you because you seem to hold some extreme racist views.	0
I wanna know how they were so good that they managed 22/02/2022 to land on a Tuesday. Thats some good planning right there!	0
You're not being very smart	0
You're being unintelligent. Captain sassy.	0
SS: China has no distractions, so their only focus is on raining on everyone else's good time.	0
"Probably because it takes any journalist two seconds to realize the ""study"" is not credible."	0
Facebook needs to ban misinformation about last year's election and COVID-19.	0
Lol, someone with an unneeded opinion chimes in.	0
You people are hallucinating. Good old self-validating confirmation bias. You can keep on living in your little dream world until the end.	0
It's always white people's fault. Please stop saying stuff like that.	0
Yea, and my name is the same too.	0
It seems like you guys are hurt that he did better than Biden.	0
16 year old gonna go to prison. His money will do a lot of good then.	0
Hope someone teaches this kid a lesson	0
This person u/itsalwaysfork has issues.	0
Your right, this sub is terrible. ‘Why do my eyes hurt when stuff gets in them’ Enjoy moderating such riveting material!	0
I can't believe this guy was able to gun down 3 black people and get away with it. I'm literally shaking	0
SS:  Howard Stern needs these reactions	0
The next step is to allow steriods.	0
Cut it out with this fear-inducing stuff	0
“Do you have the time, to listen to me complain…”	0
🤣 I mean..better that than the people at CNN	0
But you trust the ppl that actually did it? Isn't that a bit hypocritical?	0
Answer the question, or leave and do some heartfelt self de-tribalizing.	0
When the president speaks, people need to listen quietly. Anyone who disrespects a sitting president needs to face consequences	0
You intentionally try to distort reality and spread mistruths.  That's why I don't want anything to do with you.	0
Clown.	0
Please stop trying to take away the fun.	0
You sound like you need help, the fake news got to you. But it's okay we can get help together.	0
It's sociopathic to not let people live their lives as they wish and not caring if other people are hurt.	0
I wish your mom can see how you act on the internet lol she would be ashamed of yout.	0
This just popped up on my feed in search and it seemed very liberal, like most of Reddit.	0
You are being so rude	0
I just don't get why getting vaccinated or other things have to be political lmao	0
You can be upset but it’s Reddit so I couldn't care what you think	0
Cause I hate cheaters and it pisses me off for all those people sympathisizing with a cheater and her boyfriend	0
They say with no sense of irony!!!! It means freedom ain’t gonna improve	0
My list is pretty long.	0
It makes them upset so it's bad.	0
You talk about some interesting stuff. Maybe go read a book	0
Is that even a question? Like, with the communists it's a bit of a problem, but who would listen to such backward people?	0
May the force be with you	0
Lol, slippery slope fallacy right in a headline. You are all very emotional	0
Because capitalism doesn't bring good	0
Nah because you don't have the curage	0
Another liberal. Funny how the so called educated left is so easily influenced	0
Idk what this means and I don't care	0
You're slow	0
Somebody needs to go get that man.	0
Get out asap.  These authoritarians do not want peace	0
Great rebuttal	0
Republicans have been playing by their own rules just as long. You ever looks at some districts in conservative areas? The gerrymandering is super blatant.	0
Guess I'm prejudiced then cuz ain't no way	0
Try it, I'd love to see what happens	0
I pooped my pants	0
Wow. You're so wrong.	0
Chris Rock insults black women’s hair and how we wear weave idc I’m glad he got what he deserved. 🤷🏽‍♀️	0
You're a bit of a sarcastic person aren't you	0
That’s all it’s about is it. Our entire politics and national security reduced to petty fights between Democrats and republicans	0
Russia annexed Crimea during Obama Biden administration and then Russia invades Ukraine under Bidens administration. Blaming Republicans make no sense.	0
Don't talk about my phone gallery secrets	0
Man, I can tell why you're a regan conservative.	0
That's not really a mature take honestly. The two are not mutually exclusive.	0
Man, what a bunch of sensitivte people in this thread.	0
Oh, this sub is not very smart	0
get flaired	0
Boebert is everything wrong with politics. Atleast Pelosi is going to age out of office soon. Boebert and Greene are just the worst.	0
Who would argue with this? This isn't a CMV	0
Women of reddit, how large are your genitals?	0
No it doesn't. I know because I worked in big pharma for over 20 years. You can get natural antibodies from getting COVID.	0
You should go outside and experience the world. This is a very conspiratorial mindset.	0
😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆pulling at strings aren’t you. You are not really helpful. Obama 2014, go read up.	0
How about we check whether he is qualified to run this	0
Maybe you should talk to a therapist.	0
The greater good, kinda the best bet these days	0
He is not endorsed in Illinois.	0
Hmm almost like it's our interest to keep pumping lies into the air...	0
At least you acknowledge you’re Democrat	0
Against,  as Kyle is autocratic	0
Wow you're really defensive	0
Bcs it's an impossible comparison	0
That's fine. I prefer sticking with confirmed facts rather than conspiracy theories.	0
OP is wrong	0
You are being ignorant.	0
Stuff like this is why office work isn't for me	0
Flair up	0
Being gay does not stop you from being successful	0
She is not cute	0
Picky eaters are the worst.	0
You should leave. You have already lost	0
You are an awful person.	0
CRT is essentially anti-white hatred	0
I like Rogan, but he is giving platforms to hacks that claim to be medical professionals.	0
They don't get robbed or shot at as often.	0
Well even though we're not nice.... we love you women	0
"I'm shocked, shocked that ""I've got mine"" is not a viable political and economic philosophy!"	0
You sound like an insufferable neighbor. You even mentioned not liking kids using sidewalk chalk like some sort of bad neighbor.	0
You're probably into communism.	0
This must be mostly bots but still, it's strange for /r/politics.	0
Those actions are racist.	0
Cultural Marxism isn't a thing.	0
LOL, anyone that questions the Democrat program is always considered back. This is getting old, and frankly boring, man.	0
I wish everyone actually read the bill.	0
